the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact . stable calcified granuloma in the left lung .
right middle lobe opacity is present . the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax . no large pleural effusion .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . there are osteophytes . xxxx calcified granuloma in the right apex .
calcified left hilar lymph node . lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable .
heart size within normal limits . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . there is no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
the lungs are clear . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal . patient status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is a region of left upper lobe perihilar opacity identified .
the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema . pectus <unk> is noted . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . calcified granuloma are noted . vascular calcification is noted .
no acute osseous abnormality . the soft tissues are within normal limits . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours . no focal area of pleural or pneumothorax .
ap and lateral views of the chest were obtained . the heart is normal size . mediastinum is unremarkable . lungs are hypoinflated but clear . no focal consolidation is seen .
the heart size and vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . there is mild prominence of the interstitial markings which are unchanged .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . biapical <unk> . hyperexpanded lungs without focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
the heart size and lungs have xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone . thoracic spondylosis .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette or normal in size and contour . there is no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no evidence of tuberculous disease . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . aortic atherosclerosis . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
normal heart size and mediastinal contours . atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta . no focal airspace opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance .
the heart size is normal . lungs are clear . there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion . bony structures are within normal limits .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
lungs are clear . no focal or pneumothorax . heart and mediastinal contours are normal . osseous structures intact .
there are postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg . there is stable mild cardiomegaly . there are scattered xxxx of subsegmental decreased from the prior chest radiograph . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine .
heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity .
no pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . there is a discrete cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe . the additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease . heart size normal . cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear . bony structures appear intact . right <unk> nipple <unk> .
heart size upper limits normal . pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal . no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . <unk> <unk> are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine . this could indicate diffuse <unk> skeletal <unk> . this is similar to prior <unk> .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . there are osteophytes .
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
surgical clips within the right upper quadrant . lungs are clear bilaterally . there is no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . xxxx are unremarkable .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
heart size near top normal limits for technique . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process .
there are low lung volumes . the lungs are clear . heart and mediastinum are normal .
lungs are clear without focal or pneumothorax . normal heart size . bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable .
frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal . there is normal <unk> of the pulmonary vascularity . the lungs are clear . no or pneumothorax .
soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable . heart size is upper limit of normal . lung xxxx are clear . no effusion or pneumothorax . calcified lymph xxxx stable from prior exam .
the trachea is midline . negative for pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . the heart size is normal .
lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits .
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax is identified . no acute osseous abnormality identified .
the lungs are clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable . the lungs are clear without infiltrate . there is no effusion or pneumothorax .
heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . no change in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . granulomatous sequela are noted . the lungs are otherwise clear .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is a focal area of scarring or xxxx atelectasis identified in the lingula . the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . vascular calcification is noted . no adenopathy is seen .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
heart size within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes thoracic spine .
frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal . there is normal <unk> of the pulmonary vascularity . the lungs are clear . no or pneumothorax .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal . incidental note xxxx of bilateral breast <unk> .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
there has been previous aortic valve replacement . heart is <unk> upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion . the skeletal structures are normal . the soft tissues are normal .
the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded . there is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . normal heart size and mediastinal contour .
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits . no focal airspace pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities .
no focal consolidation . no visualized pneumothorax . no large pleural effusions . the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable .
there are persistent low lung volumes . there is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease . probable xxxx residual left pneumothorax . no large pleural effusion . stable cardiomediastinal contour . rib fractures are better appreciated on the xxxx chest comparison .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits . there is no focal airspace consolidation or suspicious pulmonary opacity . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . no acute osseous abnormality .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
heart size is normal . cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . the lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no pulmonary nodules . bony structures are intact .
normal heart size . the lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the trachea is midline and xxxx .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
no focal lung consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . osseous structures are grossly intact .
prominent interstitial markings in the lungs are unchanged . no focal infiltrates . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal .
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are grossly intact .
there are low lung volumes . the lungs are otherwise clear . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax .
two nodules are noted in the right xxxx xxxx measuring num mm and one measuring num mm in diameter . the smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large xxxx appears to be within the left lower lobe . no focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified . if a <unk> evaluation reveals
lungs are clear without focal or pneumothorax . normal heart size . bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable .
no pleural effusion or airspace consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits . xxxx xxxx are intact .
the lungs are clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
heart size normal . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . the previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved . right chest wall surgical xxxx have been removed . there is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual xxxx opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis .
lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable . heart size is upper limit of normal . lung xxxx are clear . no effusion or pneumothorax . calcified lymph xxxx stable from prior exam .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
the heart size and lungs have xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . the lungs are clear bilaterally . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no bony or soft tissue abnormalities .
sequelae of old granulomatous disease . lungs are clear without focal consolidation . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal .
normal heart size is mildly enlarged . there are diffusely increased interstitial opacities bilaterally . no focal or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
the chest examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are again seen . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
the heart and both lungs have xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable . lungs are clear . no focal or pleural effusion identified . xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable .
the lungs are clear . heart size and mediastinal contours are normal . no osseous abnormalities .
normal heart size . the pulmonary vascularity . no focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the heart size is on the upper limits of normal . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . cholecystectomy clips are present .
no are clear without focal or pneumothorax . normal heart size . bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable .
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits . no focal pulmonary pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality .
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size of the cardiac silhouette . normal mediastinal pulmonary xxxx and central airways and lung volumes . no pleural effusion .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . there is no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
normal cardiac contours . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities . clear lung xxxx bilaterally . no <unk> disc narrowing or loss of vertebral body xxxx .
there is mild similar to prior <unk> . no focal consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
lungs are clear bilaterallythere is no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . xxxx are unremarkable .
low lung volumes heart size normal . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
there is stable picc with tip at the caval atrial junction . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable . there is no focal airspace opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . stable <unk> segment catheter tubing overlying the left xxxx to <unk> within anterior chest soft tissues on <unk> chest soft
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax is identified . no acute osseous abnormality identified .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact .
normal heart size and mediastinal contours . clear lungs . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . unremarkable xxxx .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . fractures of the posterior left and .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . scoliosis .
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . the xxxx are unremarkable .
low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar right greater than left . bronchovascular <unk> central vascular <unk> . no findings to suggest pleural effusion . <unk> for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits .
chest . both lungs clear and expanded with no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations . heart and mediastinum remain normal . <unk> spine . disc and alignment are normal . <unk> and <unk> joints are normal .
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . frontal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
the cardiac silhouette and upper mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pulmonary venous congestion . there is prominence of the pulmonary right greater than left . there is no acute air space pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
there are osteophytes . small nodule projecting near the left heart xxxx is unchanged from xxxx and appears calcified . this xxxx represents a calcified granuloma . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
cardiac and and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures intact .
normal heart size and mediastinal contours . no abnormal airspace opacities . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size near top bilateral hilar fullness <unk> in mild aortic . diaphragm flattening and relative apical <unk> suggestive of xxxx and irregular interstitial right greater than left . prominent left epicardial fat no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . atrial septal <unk> artifact . mild spine curvature .
lungs are clear . heart size normal . the xxxx are unremarkable .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged . again noted is tortuosity and unfolding of the thoracic aorta . aortic vascular calcifications . normal pulmonary vascularity . bone demineralization .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
the heart size is within normal limits . the pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable . there is no focal airspace opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung . no acute bony abnormality is identified .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . aortic atherosclerosis . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta . no focal pleural or pneumothorax is identified . no acute osseous abnormality identified .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis . prior cholecystectomy .
the lungs are clear . there is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema . the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal . pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal .
low lung volumes are present . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . surgical clips are present in the abdomen .
heart size normal . no focal airspace pleural or pulmonary edema . no focal bony abnormality .
the lungs are grossly clear without focal <unk> large effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
enlarged cardiac stable . calcified vasculature . sequelae of prior granulomatous disease . no confluent pleural or overt pulmonary edema . mild thoracic spondylosis .
limited lateral projection . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . healed distal left <unk> fracture noted .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base .
there are scattered calcified granulomas . the lungs are otherwise clear . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . normal heart size and mediastinal contour . right humeral internal fixation xxxx is noted .
there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result . no pleural pneumothorax or focal airspace disease . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no free subdiaphragmatic air .
the heart and both lungs have xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
no pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . heart size within normal limits . cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear . bony structures appear intact .
no focal or pleural effusion identified . there is a cm nodular opacity within the right which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy . scattered calcified granulomas also seen . heart size is upper limit normal . no acute bony abnormality .
heart and mediastinum within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no nodules or adenopathy is identified .
there are low lung volumes . the cardiac upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute pulmonary pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
heart and both lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
there are low lung volumes . cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there is no focal opacity . there is no large pleural effusion . there is no pneumothorax .
clear lungs bilaterally with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
negative for cardiac enlargement . negative for vascular congestion . there are several small <unk> opacities in the right upper some of which are centrally lucent . negative for bony abnormality .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . there is mild prominence of the interstitial markings which are unchanged .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
the central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated .
both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal . incidental note xxxx of bilateral breast <unk> .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . minimal degenerative changes are present in the spine .
patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe . subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the heart size is normal .
no focal suspicious pulmonary pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal visualized osseous structures appear intact .
low lung volumes are noted . <unk> for technical factors the heart size is xxxx normal . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is increased bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial xxxx consistent with pulmonary edema . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the xxxx are unremarkable .
the heart size is prominent left ventricular contour . unfolding of the thoracic aorta . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine . stent is noted in the abdomen . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified granuloma are noted .
mediastinal contours are within normal limits . heart size is within normal limits . no focal pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no bony abnormality . vague density in right mid xxxx related to <unk> tip and superimposed ribs . not visualized on lateral exam .
heart size is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . there is an num mm calcified nodule in the left midlung . there is also a num mm calcified nodule near the left hilum . hyperexpanded lungs consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
right lower lobe patchy opacities noted . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
stable enlargement of the cardiac stable mediastinal and hilar surgical clips and cabg markers . stable xxxx densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
both lungs remain clear and expanded . no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations . heart and mediastinum remain normal .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . apparent nodular opacity on lateral <unk> is xxxx to represent <unk> of overlapping silhouettes . negative for acute bone abnormality .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . mild degenerative changes are present in the spine . stent is noted in the abdomen . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified granuloma are noted .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there the patient was <unk> .
normal heart size . no focal airspace pleural or pulmonary edema . no focal bony abnormality .
there is mild cardiomegaly . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . lung volumes are low with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm . there is platelike atelectasis in the right midlung along with bibasilar airspace <unk> atelectasis or infiltrate . no pneumothorax .
normal heart size is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta . the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . degenerative changes are present in the spine .
calcified lymph xxxx in both xxxx . xxxx amount of focal atelectasis posterior to the left heart . the trachea is midline . negative for pleural effusion or large focal airspace consolidation . the heart size is normal .
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration . mildly tortuous thoracic aorta . the lungs are well aerated . there is no pleural or focal air space consolidation . mild elevation right hemidiaphragm .
there has been interval <unk> of cabg with multiple xxxx sternotomy surgical and cabg markers . <unk> of the xxxx sternotomy xxxx are and a fragment at a sternotomy xxxx appears to xxxx within the left posterior pleural space . stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence . no focal or effusion . relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm .
xxxx low lung volumes . normal cardiac contour . no pleural or focal airspace disease . bony structures appear intact . left humeral head bone <unk> .
the lungs hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine .
heart size and mediastinal contour are hyperexpanded . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are hyperexpanded but clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is stable . atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are present . the lungs are clear .
lucency <unk> the left posterior rib . visualized <unk> of the thoracic spine are unremarkable . mediastinal contours are normal . lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
lung volumes are decreased from and there is <unk> bronchovascular crowding . no evidence of focal airspace disease . no definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits given the low lung volumes . no free subdiaphragmatic air . grossly stable mild degenerative changes of the right lower thoracic spine .
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette . no airspace pleural or pneumothorax . no cardiopulmonary disease .
lungs are hyperexpanded . the lungs are clear . no focal infiltrates or masses . heart size normal .
sequelae of old granulomatous disease . no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
lungs are clear . a calcified small granuloma is present in the left lower lobe . heart size normal . mediastinum normal .
the heart size is at the upper limits of normal . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . mild chronic degenerative changes are present within the thoracic spine .
the lungs are clear . there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base and calcified right hilar lymph xxxx . this was seen well on prior xxxx . there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses . heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal . the pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
no focal lung consolidation . cardiac and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . osseous structures are grossly intact .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is a focal area of scarring or xxxx atelectasis identified in the lingula . the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid svc . there is no pneumothorax . heart size is normal . no large pleural effusions . no acute focal airspace opacification .
there has been previous aortic valve replacement . heart is <unk> upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion . the skeletal structures are normal . the soft tissues are normal .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are again seen . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . again seen is evidence of prior cabg . the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged . xxxx xxxx right and xxxx left pleural effusions . there is xxxx right greater than left bibasilar atelectasis . xxxx seen at the lung bases . no consolidation or pneumothorax .
right lower lobe patchy opacities noted . heart size within normal limits . surgical clips overlying the right upper quadrant . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion .
mild cardiomegaly . tortuous aorta . no focal infiltrate . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left .
the heart size is upper limits of normal . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a <unk> pneumonia .
heart size and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination . lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart is not significantly enlarged . there are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta . arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted .
central venous catheter tip in the right atrium . heart size and shape are normal . trachea and xxxx <unk> appear normal . the lungs are <unk> well expanded . there xxxx and patchy nodular densities in both lower lung xxxx more marked on the right than the left . there is scattered areas of <unk> wall in the left
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . there is bilateral without focal or pleural effusion . visualized osseous structures appear intact .
stable obscuration of the left cardiac xxxx representing left pleural thickening . stable nodular opacity within the left midlung . the lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable . xxxx are unremarkable .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute osseous findings .
the lungs are clear . there appear to be small bilateral pleural effusions . the heart is not grossly enlarged . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta . increased kyphosis is seen in the may be a thoracic xxxx deformity that is not . arthritic changes are seen .
low lung volumes are present . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . scattered xxxx of left base atelectasis are noted . left is in xxxx with the tip projecting over the caval atrial junction .
the lungs are clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no pleural effusion is identified .
the lungs appear clear . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . the pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal .
there are mild increased interstitial opacities most prominent in the lung bases . heart size is large . no pneumothorax . osseous structures are grossly intact .
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are hyperexpanded but clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
there is mild similar to prior <unk> . no focal consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged . there is a moderate hiatal hernia . the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate . no effusion or pneumothorax .
heart size moderately enlarged . mild left costophrenic xxxx blunting . streaky and patchy bibasilar left greater than right . right hemidiaphragm eventration noted . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
there is the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
heart bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable . stable small calcified granuloma left base . no xxxx acute noted .
the heart size is normal . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits . the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates . there are no nodules or masses . no visible pneumothorax . no visible pleural fluid . mild degenerative change is seen within the midthoracic spine . there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm .
internal jugular central venous catheter with tip <unk> the right atrium . postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy xxxx . left base opacities again stable . there is a left lung not well appreciated on prior . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . low lung volumes . degenerative changes thoracic spine .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine . stent is noted in the abdomen . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified granuloma are noted .
the heart size is upper limits of normal . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a <unk> pneumonia .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there is mild prominence of the superior mediastinum which is somewhat lucent and xxxx <unk> mediastinal and vascular structures . no focal consolidation is seen . there is no pleural effusion .
aorta is ectatic . heart size is within normal limits . no focal pneumothorax or pleural effusion . anterior wedging deformity of lower thoracic vertebra .
the heart is not enlarged . the central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . small right <unk> opacity may represent infiltrate . lungs are otherwise well aerated .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal . the lungs are clear . there is no evidence of pleural effusion . postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine .
internal jugular central venous catheter with tip <unk> the right atrium . postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy xxxx . left base opacities again stable . there is a left lung not well appreciated on prior . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . low lung volumes . degenerative changes thoracic spine .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there minimal degenerative changes of the spine .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . granulomatous calcifications and mediastinum . the lungs are hyperexpanded . no focal suspicious pulmonary large pleural or pneumothorax is identified . there is no acute bony abnormality .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
lungs remain hyperexpanded . no change in the right middle lobe opacification . no xxxx infiltrates or masses . pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . the patient was <unk> .
there postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg . there is stable mild cardiomegaly . there are scattered xxxx of subsegmental decreased from the prior chest radiograph . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable .
the lungs are clear . no pleural effusion is seen . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal .
moderate cardiomegaly . prominent vascular mediastinal contour . mild central vascular congestion . no overt edema or confluent lobar pneumonia . no pleural effusion . thoracic spondylosis .
the lungs are clear . there is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema . the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal . pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal .
no frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette . normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways . no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion . incidental note xxxx of an azygos fissure . there are surgical <unk> from in the right upper quadrant .
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . the lungs are clear bilaterally . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no bony or soft tissue abnormalities .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
several calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions . the trachea is midline . negative for pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . the heart size is normal .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . no acute osseus abnormality .
xxxx opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse xxxx compared to prior study . lung volumes are low . heart size and pulmonary xxxx are normal . there no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia . the patient is status post xxxx sternotomy . there calcifications of the thoracic aorta .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
heart size is moderately enlarged . there is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement . xxxx sternotomy xxxx are grossly intact . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified . there are degenerative changes of the
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the superior thoracic spine is again unchanged from prior . lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior <unk> . no evidence of pneumothorax . no focal airspace disease or pleural effusion . vague density in the medial right lung apex most xxxx compared
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . pectus <unk> is noted . calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . mild xxxx deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine .
the heart is normal in size . the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance . no focal air space opacities . no pleural effusions or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities .
the heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar coronary artery stent xxxx xxxx and clips suggest cabg . mediastinal and hilar calcifications xxxx indicate a previous granulomatous process . stable bilateral upper lobe <unk> near and nodular right greater than xxxx opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring . no xxxx abnormal pulmonary no definite pleural
heart size and lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the heart is mildly enlarged . the aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic . chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base . no focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified . costophrenic xxxx are blunted .
the both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is within normal limits . the study is somewhat limited . no focal consolidation is seen .
there is mild <unk> in the right base . no focal infiltrate or effusion . no pneumothorax . calcified granulomatous disease noted . heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits . osseous structures intact .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . there are low lung causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding . there is a xxxx opacity in the left lingula . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
there are stable acute osseous abnormalities . questionable old left posterior <unk> and fourth rib fractures . visualized soft tissues are within normal limits . normal heart size . normal hilar vascular markings . subtle prominence of interstitial markings in the left worse than right . no focal area of pleural or pneumothorax .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia .
normal cardiac contours . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormalities .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . there has been interval development of some xxxx bandlike opacities in left base . these appear to be <unk> in the lingula . the remainder of the lungs appear clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
no focal pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal no mediastinal widening <unk> in appearance of vascular injury . right paratracheal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process . no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration . pulmonary vasculature within normal limits . the lungs are . there is no pleural or focal consolidation .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
xxxx diffuse right lower lobe airspace opacity is present . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal .
both lungs remain clear and expanded . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . no change in the large <unk> hernia .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . hyperexpanded lungs without focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . right chest wall surgical compatible with prior <unk> . negative for acute bone abnormality .
chronic bilateral emphysematous changes . the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . there is a vague right suprahilar density with elevation of the xxxx fissure most xxxx mild subsegmental atelectasis <unk> superimposed infection cannot be <unk> excluded . the <unk> lungs are clear .
heart size and mediastinal contours are unremarkable . there is no pleural focal airspace consolidation .
soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable . heart size is upper limit of normal . lung xxxx are clear . no effusion or pneumothorax .
normal heart size . normal mediastinal silhouette . no pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity .
the lungs hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . calcified granuloma is identified . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen .
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are mildly without evidence of focal airspace or pleural effusion . incidental note is xxxx of an azygos fissure . there are no acute bony findings .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . no evidence of abnormal <unk> foreign bodies .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour and unchanged in comparison to prior <unk> . the lungs are clear with no evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
the heart heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine . stent is noted in the abdomen . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified granuloma are noted .
no focal or pleural effusion identified . there is a cm nodular opacity within the right which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy . scattered calcified granulomas also seen . heart size is upper limit normal . no acute bony abnormality .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion . multiple <unk> round xxxx xxxx over the abdomen on the lateral view . these may <unk> or outside of the patient .
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable . the lungs are clear without infiltrate . there is no effusion or pneumothorax .
the heart is top normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . the lungs are grossly clear . bilateral rib deformities are possibly old fractures . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . the patient was <unk> .
unchanged cardiomegaly . negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation . no large effusion . mildly prominent interstitial opacities .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . fractures of the posterior left and .
postsurgical changes of xxxx sternotomy with <unk> fixation of anterior xxxx <unk> . heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . no focal suspicious bony or pleural effusion . no acute osseous abnormality .
no pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . heart size within normal limits . cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear . bony structures appear intact .
xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal clips are unchanged . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are unchanged . no xxxx pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged .
normal cardiac contours . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . clear left lung xxxx . right middle lobe with increased xxxx <unk> of infiltrate .
heart size size at the upper limits of normal . there are scattered calcified granulomas . no focal airspace large or <unk> pneumothorax . unfolded to descending aorta . calcified aortic xxxx . xxxx curvature of the thoracic spine . exaggerated kyphosis . xxxx are diffusely osteopenic . multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with minimal anterior xxxx loss
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease . there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine .
status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg . heart size is normal . coronary vascular stent . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable . calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx . normal pulmonary vascularity . degenerative changes of the spine .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is within normal limits . there is retrocardiac density which xxxx <unk> to known hiatal hernia . the lungs are hypoinflated . no focal consolidation is seen .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . no focal airspace disease . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are clear without focal or pleural effusion . bony thorax is unremarkable .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
the lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . calcified granuloma is identified . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen .
the postoperative cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and upper limits of normal in size . the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are multiple xxxx sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg . the most <unk> xxxx sternotomy xxxx is <unk> . there are no acute bony findings .
xxxx sternotomy xxxx remain in xxxx . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
low lung volumes . question patchy opacity left base . no pneumothorax . osseous structures intact . small right effusion .
normal heart is status post cabg . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . calcified granuloma is identified . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the tracheostomy tube tip is num cm above the <unk> . there are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial stable from prior radiographs . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits . there are mild degenerative changes of the spine .
patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe . subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the heart size is normal .
lung volumes are mildly low . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size contour . no consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . mild degenerative disc change at the thoracic no xxxx deformity .
right paratracheal <unk> is <unk> and xxxx than normal . the xxxx are normal . heart size normal . lungs clear and expanded with no infiltrates .
the heart and mediastinal contours are stable . the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
cardiomegaly is present . the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits . some scattered xxxx opacities are present <unk> appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis . no focal airspace disease is seen . no pleural effusion is noted . no pneumothorax is identified . the left hemidiaphragm is elevated . scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine . there has been
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine . stent is noted in the abdomen . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified granuloma are noted .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
diffuse bilateral coarse interstitial markings are unchanged . no focal pleural pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . degenerative changes of the shoulder . soft tissues are unremarkable .
the cardiac contours are normal . aorta is tortuous . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures are intact .
the pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not <unk> seen . the lungs are otherwise clear . heart size normal . no pneumothorax . there is a right chest xxxx with tip projecting over the lower svc .
low lung volumes bilaterally . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated .
moderate cardiomegaly . bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusions .
the trachea is midline . cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of focal consolidation or pleural effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
the heart is again enlarged . there is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature . mild diffuse interstitial opacities predominantly in the with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
rotated apical lordotic frontal mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings . no definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen . <unk> for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal <unk> calcified and mildly tortuous aorta . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
heart size is mildly enlarged but stable . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age .
heart size within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes thoracic spine .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . there has been <unk> of left base airspace opacities . the lungs now appear clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen . the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination . <unk> densities overlying the heart xxxx are xxxx coronary artery stents . there are small round calcific densities in the bilateral lobes which are unchanged from prior exam and xxxx represent sequelae from old granulomatous disease . otherwise lungs are without evidence of
stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation . stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic stable mediastinal contours . no definite pleural effusion no typical findings of pulmonary edema . <unk> spine <unk> and marginal osteophytes again noted .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . the xxxx are unremarkable .
no focal or pleural effusion identified . there is a cm nodular opacity within the right which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy . scattered calcified granulomas also seen . heart size is upper limit normal . no acute bony abnormality .
heart size is normal . cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no pulmonary nodules . bony structures are intact .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . the aorta is atherosclerotic . emphysematous changes are identified . there is no acute infiltrate or effusion .
there has been interval cabg . sternotomy and xxxx <unk> xxxx appear intact . no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine . visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance . atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta .
the cardiac contours are normal . aortic calcification . prior granulomatous disease . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
heart size is moderately enlarged . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity xxxx demonstrated on the lateral study . there is a fracture of superior sternotomy xxxx unchanged .
trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged from prior examination . there are round calcific densities in the right lung consistent with prior granulomatous disease . the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
stable cardiomegaly . xxxx sternotomy xxxx are intact . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . xxxx calcific density in the left mid to upper lung xxxx represents old granulomatous disease . no focal consolidation . stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis .
heart size within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified .
heart size is normal . mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta . there is no focal or pleural effusion identified . a bullet is noted in the soft tissues of the inferior right chest wall . no acute bony abnormality .
heart size is within normal limits . tortuous thoracic aorta . there is patchy right base airspace disease . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the lungs are clear . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine .
no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax . no focal areas of consolidation . heart size within normal limits . osseous structures intact .
the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting <unk> the mediastinum . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
this study is limited secondary to patient body habitus . the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal . surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . there are low lung causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding . there is a xxxx opacity in the left lingula . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated .
the heart appear and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . picc line is in xxxx . the tip is in the upper right atrium .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious bony opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax .
the previously seen picc has been removed . the heart size is normal . lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . bony structures are within normal limits .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . normal xxxx .
both lungs remain hyperexpanded . no xxxx focal infiltrates . a small pleural or collection is xxxx present in the right apex . it has decreased <unk> since the previous examination . heart size remains normal .
no focal suspicious pulmonary pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal visualized osseous structures appear intact .
the heart size is upper limits of normal . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
heart size moderately enlarged . mild left costophrenic xxxx blunting . streaky and patchy bibasilar left greater than right . right hemidiaphragm eventration noted . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged . there is a moderate hiatal hernia . the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate . no effusion or pneumothorax .
normal heart size and mediastinal contour . lungs are clear <unk> for residuals of prior granulomatous infection . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
heart size within normal limits . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . the xxxx are unremarkable .
there are a few small nodular opacities in the left xxxx seen on the frontal view overlying the left posterior rib . lungs otherwise appear clear . no focal airspace consolidation . no overt pulmonary edema . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits . calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are
mild cardiomegaly . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . there is thoracic kyphosis . there is xxxx deformity of and unchanged xxxx abdomen xxxx . aortic calcifications are noted . fracture of right proximal incompletely evaluated .
the heart size and the lungs have xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
trachea is midline . the heart size is normal . the lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities . lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable .
on the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space <unk> throughout . osteophyte formation is present with some sclerosis and <unk> <unk> formation <unk> along the superior <unk> and femoral head . <unk> <unk> not <unk> evidence for fracture or destructive process . ap view of the <unk> shows no femoral xxxx destructive process or other <unk>
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal .
soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable . heart size is upper limit of normal . lung xxxx are clear . no effusion or pneumothorax . calcified lymph xxxx stable from prior exam .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . there is stable mild xxxx deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body .
the heart size and lungs have xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm . degenerative changes are present in the spine .
lungs are clear without focal or pneumothorax . hyperinflated lungs . cardiomegaly . bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable .
the cardiac upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute air space pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
interval resolution of the left pleural effusion . lungs are grossly clear . postsurgical changes from cabg are noted . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormalities are visualized .
heart size and and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . there is a mild anterior wedge xxxx deformity of .
lungs are hyperexpanded . there is a large rounded lucency in the right upper xxxx large emphysematous xxxx . there are xxxx biapical xxxx scarring . no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia . there is no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . normal heart size . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
normal heart size . clear lungs . no large pleural effusion . no pneumothorax .
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact .
there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures are intact .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
right subclavian distal tip posterior to the head of the the the level of the subclavian vein . low lung volumes . no pleural effusion . left lower lobe airspace xxxx atelectasis . cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits . pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact .
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are without focal or pleural effusion . grossly unchanged appearance of calcified hilar lymph xxxx and scattered calcified granulomas . stable degenerative changes in the spine .
similar mild cardiomegaly . of the pulmonary vascularity is prominent . no focal consolidations or effusions . no pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality .
both lungs are clear and expanded . no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations . heart and mediastinum remain normal .
heart size is upper limits of normal for ap projection . mediastinal contours and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable . the <unk> obscures the bilateral lung apices . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no displaced rib fractures are seen . there are moderate degenerative changes along the thoracic spine .
a calcified granuloma is present in the right costophrenic xxxx . lungs are otherwise clear . heart size normal .
there are xxxx left upper lobe opacities . lungs otherwise appear clear . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is as is within normal limits .
lung volumes are low . no focal infiltrates . pulmonary xxxx are normal .
heart and mediastinum within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality . no lymphadenopathy .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
frontal two and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . the cardiac silhouette remains <unk> enlarged . there is aortic xxxx vascular calcification . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion .
no pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no free subdiaphragmatic air .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
the aortic cardiac and stomach are . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance . pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits . the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality .
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
there is an <unk> opacity cm in the retrocardiac area on ap not on the lateral a <unk> xxxx scan is <unk> . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present . the heart is normal in size . no hilar lymphadenopathy . no destructive bony lesions .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of focal consolidations or pleural effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
heart and mediastinum are normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
some hyperinflation appears to be present . there are small calcified granulomas . the lungs are otherwise clear . the heart is normal . the mediastinum is normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
there are osteophytes . small nodule projecting near the left heart xxxx is unchanged from xxxx and appears calcified . this xxxx represents a calcified granuloma . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation .
stable appearance of lower cervical fusion xxxx . heart size normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no focal airspace disease . calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease . bony structures appear intact . <unk> of the thoracic spine .
heart size tortuosity of the aorta . no pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity . prior granulomatous disease .
heart size is normal . no focal consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
normal heart . no pneumothorax . no large pleural effusions . no focal airspace opacities .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
lungs mildly hyperinflated with flattened posterior diaphragm . no alveolar no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema . heart size within normal limits . no pneumothorax .
the both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
no focal or large pleural effusion identified . stable blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx xxxx due to pleural . redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified xxxx . changes in the lungs consistent with . cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable . no acute osseous abnormalities identified . opacity in the left apex consistent with <unk> change seen on the
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette . the lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette . aortic calcification . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality . degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious bony opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax .
normal heart size . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the lungs clear . the heart size and pulmonary xxxx appear normal . the pleural spaces are clear . there is xxxx minimal sclerotic change overlying the midthoracic spine the lateral view . <unk> <unk> this is a pulmonary finding or skeletal finding . bone scan would be <unk> to evaluate for <unk> <unk> disease . the mediastinal contours are
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . calcified granuloma right midlung . no focal airspace or large pleural effusion . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
low lung volumes . heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . no focal air space or pleural effusion . mild thoracic spine degenerative change .
both lungs remain clear and expanded area heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . no change in the large <unk> hernia .
the aortic cardiac and stomach are . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is significantly enlarged . pulmonary vascular markings centrally are within normal limits and symmetric . increased interstitial markings bilaterally at the lung bases . this may be related to chronic interstitial changes or edema . no focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the heart is normal size and contour . lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are hyperexpanded . scattered granuloma . no focal airspace disease . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
low lung volumes . cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there is no focal opacity . there is no large pleural effusion . there is no pneumothorax .
interval resolution of the left pleural effusion . lungs are grossly clear . postsurgical changes from cabg are noted . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormalities are visualized .
normal heart size and mediastinal contours . no abnormal airspace opacities or large cavitary lung lesions . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . xxxx and curvilinear xxxx densities over the breast shadows compatible with <unk> .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . there has been interval development of some xxxx bandlike opacities in left base . these appear to be <unk> in the lingula . the remainder of the lungs appear clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
heart size and mediastinal contours are unremarkable . there is no pleural focal airspace consolidation .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta . there are chronic changes <unk> noted in the lung apices . the xxxx are mildly prominent but stable . no acute infiltrate is seen . there is no pleural effusion .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with mild cardiomegaly . there is relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm consistent with history of right lower without focal or effusion identified . irregularity of the right fifth and <unk> ribs stable since at xxxx and xxxx <unk> in xxxx . left shoulder <unk> xxxx bone <unk> noted . no acute osseous abnormality .
heart size is upper limits of normal but stable . mediastinal contours are within normal limits . chronically increased interstitial markings without focal airspace pleural pneumothorax . degenerative changes of the spine .
aortic atherosclerotic calcifications . the lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
lungs remain clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . there is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm . no pleural effusion is seen .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . the patient was <unk> .
the heart is stable compared to the previous exam . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . the xxxx are unremarkable .
hyperexpanded lungs . lungs are clear without focal or pneumothorax . normal heart size . multiple surgical clips overlie the <unk> .
atrial septal <unk> artifact . rotated frontal overall heart size within normal no typical findings of pulmonary edema . xxxx densities in the left small focal xxxx opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic xxxx . biapical <unk> irregularities most compatible with chronic appearing right rib contour deformity . no pneumothorax .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
no focal suspicious pulmonary pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal visualized osseous structures appear intact .
both lungs are clear and expanded . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart and mediastinum are normal .
stable position of right central venous catheter . interval removal of <unk> tube . heart size is normal . persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe . there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged . normal pulmonary vascularity .
there are osteophytes . there calcified costochondral <unk> . there is loss of disc xxxx of a midthoracic vertebral body . there are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring . no pneumothorax . the heart is borderline enlarged .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
there is hyperinflation of the lungs but <unk> are clear . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal . there are bilateral breast prostheses .
the heart is again enlarged . aorta is tortuous . the lungs are hypoinflated but clear . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
the lungs are clear . no pleural effusion is seen . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal .
normal cardiac and central pulmonary vasculature . interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper concerning for underlying pneumonia . stable mild <unk> chronic interstitial changes . no evidence of associated pleural effusion or pneumothorax . multilevel midthoracic degenerative with prominent <unk> marginal osteophytes .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the posterior costophrenic xxxx are excluded on the lateral view . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
prominent interstitial markings in the lungs are unchanged . no focal infiltrates . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal .
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration . the lungs are well aerated . no pleural or focal air space consolidation .
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax is identified . no acute osseous abnormality identified .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no evidence of tuberculous disease . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
the heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . right basilar calcified granuloma noted . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . negative for focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . middle lobe calcified granulomas . normal xxxx .
hyperexpanded lungs . lungs are clear without focal or pneumothorax . normal heart size . multiple surgical clips overlie the <unk> .
low lung volumes . heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . no focal air space or pleural effusion . mild thoracic spine degenerative change .
there has been previous aortic valve replacement . heart is <unk> upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion . the skeletal structures are normal . the soft tissues are normal .
no interval change is <unk> in the bony thorax . the heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta . the pulmonary vasculature is not engorged . lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion . the fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no <unk> of the <unk> of
limited lateral projection . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . healed distal left <unk> fracture noted .
low lung volumes are present . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . there has been interval development of bibasilar opacities . the appearance of the right base opacity xxxx atelectasis . the left base opacities could represent early pneumonia or areas of atelectasis . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . mild levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
there are xxxx opacities in the left xxxx subsegmental atelectasis . xxxx opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal xxxx xxxx reflect epicardial fat xxxx and overlying breast tissue . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is at the upper limits of normal . there are diffuse degenerative changes
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . there is no focal airspace pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
there are surgical clips within the right upper quadrant . lungs are clear . there is no focal pleural or pneumothorax . stable calcified left hilar lymph xxxx . the osseous structures are intact .
aortic atherosclerotic calcifications . large hiatal hernia . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no focal opacity . cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
normal heart size and mediastinal contours . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . chronic appearing left lateral rib deformities .
the xxxx and soft tissue appear normal . the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal . the aortic xxxx is on the left . the trachea is well seen and appears normal . the lungs are clear . minimal xxxx opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . xxxx xxxx xxxx foreign body is noted in the soft tissues of the left chest wall .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
there are scattered calcified granulomas . the lungs are otherwise clear . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . normal heart size and mediastinal contour . right humeral internal fixation xxxx is noted .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
lung changes are present . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . some prominent perihilar opacities are present . some vague small nodular opacities are present in the right upper lung zone . these are slightly more prominent than on the previous study . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
the heart is xxxx within normal limits in size given the low lung volumes an ap <unk> technique . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there is a num cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this exam . there is minimal left basilar xxxx opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis
status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg . heart size is normal . coronary vascular stent . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable . calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx . normal pulmonary vascularity . degenerative changes of the spine .
there is xxxx airspace disease in the right lower lobe seen <unk> the right hemidiaphragm on pa view . this is also well seen on lateral view . remainder of the lungs appear clear . the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal . mediastinal contours are normal .
heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity .
stable obscuration of the left cardiac xxxx representing left pleural thickening . stable nodular opacity within the left midlung . the lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable . xxxx are unremarkable .
low lung volumes . cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . calcified bilateral hilar lymph greater on the left . no acute osseous findings .
low lung volumes . heart size normal . no pleural or focal airspace disease . bony structures appear intact . left humeral head bone <unk> .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
moderate cardiomegaly . bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusions .
heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are grossly intact .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are large hiatal hernia .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
no focal lung consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . osseous structures are grossly intact .
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are clear without focal or pleural effusion . bony thorax is unremarkable .
heart size and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities noted . interval improvement in left base <unk> opacity . pulmonary vascular congestion again noted . stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette . stable left xxxx . no evidence of pneumothorax . no large pleural effusions .
the heart is normal in size . the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . a opacity has developed in the right upper lobe . there is also xxxx patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe . no acute bony abnormality .
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
there are bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally . there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the xxxx are unremarkable . there is an <unk> xxxx overlying left upper quadrant .
num images . heart size is stable . thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present . there is xxxx dense consolidation within the retrocardiac left lower lobe . there is also patchy airspace opacity within the perihilar right lung . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . mild pectus <unk> deformity is noted . the lungs are clear .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated .
there are osteophytes . there calcified costochondral <unk> . there is loss of disc xxxx of a midthoracic vertebral body . there are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring . no pneumothorax . the heart is borderline enlarged .
elevated right hemidiaphragm . clear lungs . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart size is upper limits of normal with tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta . <unk> changes within the spine . in the upper lumbar spine there is an wedge xxxx of a vertebral body .
sternotomy sutures and bypass <unk> have been <unk> in the interval . both lungs remain clear and expanded with no infiltrates . pulmonary xxxx are normal .
no acute osseous abnormality . scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine . stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours . scattered bilateral granulomas . patchy left <unk> airspace opacity . bilateral small effusions .
xxxx diffuse right lower lobe airspace opacity is present . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal .
calcified left hilar lymph xxxx xxxx from prior granulomatous disease . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size . pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits . no focal or pneumothoraces . no acute bony abnormality .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination . lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
the heart size is normal . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there are mild degenerative changes of the spine . there are extensive vascular calcifications . there is a left midlung calcified granuloma . there
cardiomegaly . bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusions .
the lungs are clear . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . xxxx sternotomy xxxx are again seen . the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unchanged . right lung calcified <unk> are again seen . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . right remains in xxxx .
low lung volumes are present . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . bandlike opacities are present in the right lung . appearance suggest atelectasis . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . mild scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . there has been <unk> of left base airspace opacities . the lungs now appear clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen . the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . there is no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
num images . calcified right lung base . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified lymph xxxx are demonstrated in the left hilum . no focal pulmonary consolidation . diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial consistent with the history of known pulmonary with relative <unk> of the bilateral lung apices . no pneumothorax or large
no focal lung consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . osseous structures are grossly intact .
the heart size is at the upper limits of normal . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . mild chronic degenerative changes are present within the thoracic spine .
there are low lung volumes . the cardiac upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute pulmonary pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
there is bilateral lower lung airspace disease . there are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural left greater than right . there is no pneumothorax . mediastinal silhouette normal . calcified left hilar lymph xxxx .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax .
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette . normal mediastinal pulmonary xxxx and central airways and lung volumes . no pleural effusion . there are right upper quadrant surgical <unk> from cholecystectomy .
the lungs remain hyperexpanded . no masses or infiltrates in the lungs . no pleural or mediastinal air collections . heart size normal .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine .
there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding . there is no focal consolidation . no visualized pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits . the cardiomediastinal contours is grossly normal in size and contour .
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . the cardiac silhouette remains moderately exaggerated by epicardial fat <unk> . <unk> is xxxx prominent . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion . there is xxxx spine spondylosis .
there is an <unk> opacity cm in the retrocardiac area on ap not on the lateral a <unk> xxxx scan is <unk> . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present . the heart is normal in size . no hilar lymphadenopathy . no destructive bony lesions .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures are intact .
heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion . bony structures are within normal limits .
frontal two and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
no pleural effusion or airspace consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits . calcified granuloma in the anterior left lower lobe . xxxx xxxx are intact .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . pectus <unk> is noted . calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . mild xxxx deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
this study is limited by the patient body habitus . lungs appear to be clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal .
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm . degenerative changes are present in the spine .
sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal clips are unchanged . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are unchanged . no xxxx pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age .
no focal lung pleural effusion or pneumothorax . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable .
the aortic xxxx is mildly tortuous . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . there are osteophytes . large body habitus .
