the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact . stable calcified granuloma in the left lung .
<unk> attenuation obscures <unk> . the lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . prominent left epicardial fat xxxx .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
heart size within normal limits . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . mild spine curvature noted .
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . there is no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine .
heart size and vascularity normal . lungs are clear . no effusions . no pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures unremarkable .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are hyperexpanded but clear .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is a region of left upper lobe perihilar opacity identified .
hyperexpanded lungs with flattened consistent with emphysema . there is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions . no pneumothorax or effusions . mild bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting xxxx represents pleural thickening and scarring . degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
the heart size is well <unk> enlarged . the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . osseous structures are intact .
heart size and vascularity normal . lungs are clear . no effusions . no pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are hyperexpanded without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . degenerative endplate changes of the spine .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone . thoracic spondylosis .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette or normal in size and contour . there is no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no evidence of tuberculous disease . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . <unk> opacification of right apex . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . xxxx are grossly normal .
normal heart size and mediastinal contours . atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta . no focal airspace opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance .
the heart size is normal . lungs are clear . there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion . bony structures are within normal limits .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
lungs are clear . no focal or pneumothorax . heart and mediastinal contours are normal . osseous structures intact .
there are postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg . there is stable mild cardiomegaly . there are scattered xxxx of subsegmental decreased from the prior chest radiograph . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine .
heart size is within normal limits . low lung volumes . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
heart size upper limits normal . pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal . no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . <unk> <unk> are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine . this could indicate diffuse <unk> skeletal <unk> . this is similar to prior <unk> .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . there are small calcified <unk> in the right lateral lung .
heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine . clear lungs bilaterally . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormalities .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
normal heart size size and mediastinal contours . the lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . postoperative changes seen in the left humerus . no acute bony abnormalities .
there are low lung volumes . the lungs are clear . heart size is at the upper limits of normal .
no focal lung pleural effusion or pneumothorax . normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity . bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable .
frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal . there is normal <unk> of the pulmonary vascularity . the lungs are clear . no or pneumothorax .
soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable . heart size is upper limit of normal . lung xxxx are clear . no effusion or pneumothorax . calcified lymph xxxx stable from prior exam .
the heart is normal in size . the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance . no focal air space opacities . no pleural effusions or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour .
heart size and mediastinal contour normal . no pleural or focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable . the lungs are clear without infiltrate . there is no effusion or pneumothorax .
no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax . no focal areas of consolidation . heart size within normal limits . osseous structures intact .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there is mild prominence of the superior mediastinum which is somewhat lucent and xxxx <unk> mediastinal and vascular structures . no focal consolidation is seen . there is no pleural effusion .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . granulomatous sequela are noted . the lungs are otherwise clear .
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour . left hilar calcified lymph xxxx appear stable . there is <unk> of a left lower lobe calcified nodule xxxx representing a granuloma . the lungs are hyperinflated but otherwise clear bilaterally .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . vascular calcification is noted . no adenopathy is seen .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
heart size normal . prominent epicardial fat . lungs are clear . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . evidence of prior granulomatous disease . no acute osseous findings .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal . incidental note xxxx of bilateral breast <unk> .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size in appearance and stable from xxxx . the lungs are clear . soft tissues and bony structures are unremarkable . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
there has been previous aortic valve replacement . heart is <unk> upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion . the skeletal structures are normal . the soft tissues are normal .
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax is identified . no acute osseous abnormality identified .
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . lungs are and clear . there is no focal pneumothorax or effusion . no acute bony abnormalities are seen .
no focal lung consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . osseous structures are grossly intact .
there are persistent low lung volumes . there is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease . probable xxxx residual left pneumothorax . no large pleural effusion . stable cardiomediastinal contour . rib fractures are better appreciated on the xxxx chest comparison .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
heart size is normal . cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . the lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no pulmonary nodules . bony structures are intact .
normal heart size . clear lungs . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
no focal lung consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . osseous structures are grossly intact .
both lungs remain clear and expanded . an old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe . heart and mediastinum normal .
the lungs are clear . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
there are low lung volumes . the lungs are otherwise clear . no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion . calcific density in the right lung compatible with calcified granuloma .
two nodules are noted in the right xxxx xxxx measuring num mm and one measuring num mm in diameter . the smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large xxxx appears to be within the left lower lobe . no focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified . if a <unk> evaluation reveals
no focal or pleural effusion identified . there is a cm nodular opacity within the right which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy . scattered calcified granulomas also seen . heart size is upper limit normal . no acute bony abnormality .
no pleural effusion or airspace consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits . xxxx xxxx are intact .
the lungs are clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
heart size normal . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta . there are chronic changes <unk> noted in the lung apices . the xxxx are mildly prominent but stable . no acute infiltrate is seen . there is no pleural effusion .
lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
lung lines remain low . no focal infiltrates are identified . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis . prior cholecystectomy .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact . there are degenerative changes within the xxxx bilaterally and left acromioclavicular joint . xxxx in the soft tissues of the right upper extremity .
normal heart size . normal mediastinal silhouette . no pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal .
the heart is mildly enlarged . there are diffusely increased interstitial opacities bilaterally . no focal or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
the patient is rotated . the heart is normal in size . the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no focal airspace opacities . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable . lungs are clear . no focal or pleural effusion identified . xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
normal heart size . the lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the trachea is midline and xxxx .
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits . there are low lung volumes with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis . no focal airspace effusions or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
no trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination . lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
no focal areas of consolidation . no pneumothorax . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . osseous structures intact .
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size of the cardiac silhouette . normal mediastinal pulmonary xxxx and central airways and lung volumes . no pleural effusion .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are normal .
there mild prominence of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to known <unk> mass . there is increased tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta . cardiac silhouette is within normal limits . lungs are clear without focal opacification . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there is scoliotic curvature the thoracic spine . no acute bone abnormality .
lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
low lung volumes . heart size normal . no pleural or focal airspace disease . bony structures appear intact . left humeral head bone <unk> .
there is stable picc with tip at the caval atrial junction . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable . there is no focal airspace opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . stable <unk> segment catheter tubing overlying the left xxxx to <unk> within anterior chest soft tissues on <unk> chest soft
the heart is normal size and mediastinal contours are unremarkable . there is no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are grossly unremarkable .
heart size normal . no pleural or focal airspace disease . bony structures grossly intact .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact .
normal heart size and mediastinal contours . clear lungs . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . unremarkable xxxx .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . stable xxxx foreign body over the left breast nipple . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are grossly clear . no evidence of active tuberculosis .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . scoliosis .
the cardiac upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute air space pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar right greater than left . bronchovascular <unk> central vascular <unk> . no findings to suggest pleural effusion . <unk> for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits .
chest . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . left and right xxxx . osteophytes are present at the acromioclavicular joints bilaterally and also on the humeral <unk> . the right <unk> joint is but the left is <unk> . no fractures or dislocation
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . frontal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax .
normal heart size and mediastinal contours . calcified aortic xxxx . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance .
there are osteophytes . small nodule projecting near the left heart xxxx is unchanged from xxxx and appears calcified . this xxxx represents a calcified granuloma . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
cardiac and and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
no focal lung consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . osseous structures are grossly intact .
normal heart size and mediastinal contours . no abnormal airspace opacities . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size near top bilateral hilar fullness <unk> in mild aortic . diaphragm flattening and relative apical <unk> suggestive of xxxx and irregular interstitial right greater than left . prominent left epicardial fat no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . atrial septal <unk> artifact . mild spine curvature .
lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
the heart size is within normal limits . the prominent right paratracheal soft tissues xxxx representing adenopathy . no focal airspace pleural effusions or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . normal xxxx .
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary large pleural or pneumothorax is identified . visualized osseous structures appear intact . mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint and thoracic spine degenerative changes are noted .
the cardiac contours are normal . prior granulomatous disease . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
the lungs are clear . there is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema . the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal . pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal .
low lung volumes are present . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . surgical clips are present in the abdomen .
heart size normal . no focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or effusions . no bony abnormalities .
the lungs are grossly clear without focal <unk> large effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
given differences in patient heart size and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged . lungs appear clear without focal consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax . stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with scattered xxxx deformities . stable postsurgical changes of the left shoulder and marked degenerative changes of the right shoulder .
mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance . pulmonary vascular is unremarkable . lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease . negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion . limited evaluation of the xxxx to be grossly intact .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . there is minimal xxxx atelectasis or scar in the left lung base . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures are intact .
frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal . there is normal <unk> of the pulmonary vascularity . the lungs are clear . no or pneumothorax .
the heart and heart size within normal limits . the lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . lungs are clear bilaterally . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no bony or soft tissue abnormalities .
heart and mediastinum within normal limits . stable biapical scarring . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures are intact .
both lungs remain clear and expanded . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . no change in the large <unk> hernia .
there are low lung volumes . cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there is no focal opacity . there is no large pleural effusion . there is no pneumothorax .
clear lungs bilaterally with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality .
the heart is normal in size . the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance . no focal air space opacities . no pleural effusions or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
mediastinal contours are normal . the lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and <unk> of the distal pulmonary vasculature . there is no focal consolidation . thoracic spondylosis .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . minimal degenerative changes are present in the spine .
soft tissue neck . the airway is xxxx . no <unk> edema . <unk> xxxx intact . cervical spine intact . chest . the heart is large . diffuse <unk> and alveolar consolidations are present . bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting is present .
no focal suspicious pulmonary pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal visualized osseous structures appear intact .
mild cardiomegaly . low lung volumes without focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
the heart size is prominent left ventricular contour . unfolding of the thoracic aorta . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base . bibasilar bandlike opacities are present . the appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis .
mediastinal contours are within normal limits . heart size is within normal limits . no focal pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no bony abnormality . vague density in right mid xxxx related to <unk> tip and superimposed ribs . not visualized on lateral exam .
heart size is normal in cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . there is no focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
there are postsurgical and <unk> changes of the left lung with a <unk> scar in the left upper thorax . there is a loss of lung volume on the left due to postsurgical change . xxxx deviation <unk> the left . right lung is hyperexpanded . the right lung is clear . heart size and vascularity within normal limits .
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
stable enlargement of the cardiac stable mediastinal and hilar surgical clips and cabg markers . stable xxxx densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
both lungs remain clear and expanded . no focal infiltrates or masses . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . apparent nodular opacity on lateral <unk> is xxxx to represent <unk> of overlapping silhouettes . negative for acute bone abnormality .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . mild degenerative changes are present in the spine . stent is noted in the abdomen . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified granuloma are noted .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there is biapical pleural thickening which is <unk> . there is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion . there are degenerative changes of the spine .
no focal lung pleural bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
the tracheostomy tube tip is num cm above the <unk> . there are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial stable from prior radiographs . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits . there are mild degenerative changes of the spine .
normal heart size is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta . the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . degenerative changes are present in the spine .
negative for cardiac enlargement . negative for vascular congestion . bilateral granulomas are seen scattered throughout the lungs . negative for pneumothorax . negative for focal air space consolidation . some minimal streaky opacity at the bilateral bases xxxx <unk> to subsegmental atelectasis .
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration . mildly tortuous thoracic aorta . the lungs are well aerated . there is no pleural or focal air space consolidation . mild elevation right hemidiaphragm .
there has been interval <unk> of cabg with multiple xxxx sternotomy surgical and cabg markers . <unk> of the xxxx sternotomy xxxx are and a fragment at a sternotomy xxxx appears to xxxx within the left posterior pleural space . stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence . no focal or effusion . relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm .
low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding . the trachea is midline . negative for pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . the cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged .
lungs hyperexpanded lungs with flattened consistent with emphysema . there is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions . no pneumothorax or effusions . mild bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting xxxx represents pleural thickening and scarring . degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are hyperexpanded but clear . biapical scarring noted . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is stable . atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are present . the lungs are clear .
midline sternotomy xxxx identified . heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly normal . airspace opacity in posterior segment on the lateral view . osseous structures are grossly intact .
lung volumes remain xxxx . xxxx opacities are present in both lower lobes . old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal .
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette . no airspace pleural or pneumothorax . no cardiopulmonary disease .
lungs are hyperexpanded . the lungs are clear . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size and mediastinal contour are normal .
sequelae of old granulomatous disease . no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality . the distal tip of a right ij central venous catheter is at the xxxx which junction .
low lung volumes . the cardiac upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute pulmonary pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no evidence for mass lung apices . the heart is normal . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta . the skeletal structures are unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
no focal lung consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . osseous structures are grossly intact .
the heart is normal in size . the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . a opacity has developed in the right upper lobe . there is also xxxx patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe . no acute bony abnormality .
right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid svc . there is no pneumothorax . heart size is normal . no large pleural effusions . no acute focal airspace opacification .
there has been previous aortic valve replacement . heart is <unk> upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion . the skeletal structures are normal . the soft tissues are normal .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are again seen . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified lymph xxxx are demonstrated in the left hilum . no focal pulmonary consolidation . diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial consistent with the history of known pulmonary with relative <unk> of the bilateral lung apices . no pneumothorax or large
right lower lobe patchy opacities noted . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
mild cardiomegaly . tortuous aorta . no focal infiltrate . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left .
the heart size is on the upper limits of normal . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
clear lungs . heart size and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
heart size and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal .
the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart is not significantly enlarged . there are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta . arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted .
stable obscuration of the left cardiac xxxx representing left pleural thickening . stable nodular opacity within the left midlung . the lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable . xxxx are unremarkable .
there is stable left costophrenic xxxx blunting . the patient has <unk> prior left lobectomy . there are chronic appearing right basilar interstitial markings . heart size normal . no visualized pneumothorax . there is stable appearing left upper and right upper lobe <unk> disease .
stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour . lungs are clear without focal large pleural or pneumothorax . left basilar airspace opacity xxxx secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues . <unk> of the thoracic spine is noted . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute osseous findings .
the lungs are clear . no pleural effusion is seen . the heart is normal . the skeletal structures are normal .
low lung volumes with <unk> appearance of the xxxx normal heart size . negative for or pneumothorax . bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable .
the lungs are clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no pleural effusion is identified .
the lungs appear clear . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . the pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal .
there mild increased interstitial opacities most prominent in the lung bases . heart size is large . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are hyperexpanded but clear . biapical scarring noted . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
there is mild similar to prior <unk> . no focal consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged . there is a moderate hiatal hernia . the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate . no effusion or pneumothorax .
tracheostomy tube tip is num cm above the <unk> . there are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial stable from prior radiographs . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits . there are mild degenerative changes of the spine .
there is an marked interval increase in heart size . the heart also demonstrates the xxxx xxxx compatible with pericardial effusion . a small right pleural effusion the present . the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrates . normal pulmonary vascularity . no pneumothorax .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
minimal subsegmental atelectasis posteriorly . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour .
cardiomegaly is present . the upper lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous <unk> . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm . bony changes of <unk> <unk> are noted .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine . stent is noted in the abdomen . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified granuloma are noted .
there are prominent epicardial fat unchanged from prior . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . there is atherosclerosis of the aortic xxxx . unchanged streaky opacities in the bilateral costophrenic sulci xxxx represent chronic scarring or atelectasis .
heart size is normal . no focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or effusion . mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine .
cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
both lungs remain clear and expanded . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . no change in the large <unk> hernia .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal . the lungs are clear . there is no evidence of pleural effusion . postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine .
cardiomegaly . interstitial opacities consistent with edema in the lower lobes . no pneumothorax . no large pleural effusion .
lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis . mild xxxx xxxx curvature thoracolumbar junction .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . no evidence of abnormal <unk> foreign bodies .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
lungs remain hyperexpanded . no change in the right middle lobe opacification . no xxxx infiltrates or masses . pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
there postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg . there is stable mild cardiomegaly . there are scattered xxxx of subsegmental decreased from the prior chest radiograph . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . the xxxx are unremarkable .
heart bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone . thoracic spondylosis .
mild cardiomegaly . changes of chronic lung disease . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . accentuated thoracic kyphosis .
the lungs are clear . there is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema . the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal . pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal .
no frontal two and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion .
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . the lungs are clear bilaterally . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no bony or soft tissue abnormalities .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
several calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions . the trachea is midline . negative for pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . the heart size is normal .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
right lower lobe patchy opacities noted . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
heart size is moderately enlarged . there is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement . xxxx sternotomy xxxx are grossly intact . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified . there are degenerative changes of the
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the superior thoracic spine is again unchanged from prior . lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior <unk> . no evidence of pneumothorax . no focal airspace disease or pleural effusion . vague density in the medial right lung apex most xxxx compared
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . pectus <unk> is noted . calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . mild xxxx deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar contours . stable mild right apical irregularities compatible with scarring . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
there has been interval <unk> of cabg with multiple xxxx sternotomy surgical and cabg markers . <unk> of the xxxx sternotomy xxxx are and a fragment at a sternotomy xxxx appears to xxxx within the left posterior pleural space . stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence . no focal or effusion . relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm .
the both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is within normal limits . the study is somewhat limited . no focal consolidation is seen .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . the lungs are grossly clear . bilateral breast prostheses are noted .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . there are low lung causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding . there is a xxxx opacity in the left lingula . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
there are stable cardiomegaly . there is significant pulmonary vascular congestion . stable tortuosity of the aorta . there is no acute pulmonary large effusion or pneumothorax .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia .
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette . lungs no airspace pleural or pneumothorax . no cardiopulmonary disease .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . the left hemidiaphragm is elevated . this is unchanged . no focal airspace disease is seen . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted . there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
no focal pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal no mediastinal widening <unk> in appearance of vascular injury . right paratracheal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process . no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration . pulmonary vasculature within normal limits . the lungs are . there is no pleural or focal consolidation .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
heart size upper limits normal . mediastinal contours unremarkable . pulmonary vascularity is normal . right lung is clear . xxxx opacities left lung base may represent atelectasis versus scarring . no focal consolidation . no pleural no pneumothorax . bony structures unremarkable .
both lungs remain clear and expanded . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . no change in the large <unk> hernia .
the lungs hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine .
chronic bilateral emphysematous changes . the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . there is a vague right suprahilar density with elevation of the xxxx fissure most xxxx mild subsegmental atelectasis <unk> superimposed infection cannot be <unk> excluded . the <unk> lungs are clear .
heart size and pulmonary vasculature are normal . there is no focal airspace pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality .
soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable . heart size is upper limit of normal . lungs are clear . no effusion or pneumothorax .
normal heart size . normal mediastinal silhouette . no pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity .
the lungs hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . calcified granuloma is identified . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen .
the cardiac silhouette and upper mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pulmonary venous congestion . there is prominence of the pulmonary right greater than left . there is no acute air space pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal . no visible focal airspace or pleural effusion is seen . no visible free air under the diaphragm . the osseous structures appear intact . there is a mild dextro scoliotic curvature of the midthoracic spine .
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration . the lungs are well aerated . no pleural or focal air space consolidation .
the heart size is normal . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits . the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates . there are no nodules or masses . no visible pneumothorax . no visible pleural fluid . the xxxx are grossly normal . there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine .
no focal or pleural effusion identified . there is a cm nodular opacity within the right which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy . scattered calcified granulomas also seen . heart size is upper limit normal . no acute bony abnormality .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion . multiple <unk> round xxxx xxxx over the abdomen on the lateral view . these may <unk> or outside of the patient .
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable . the lungs are clear without infiltrate . there is no effusion or pneumothorax .
the heart is top normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . the lungs are grossly clear . bilateral rib deformities are possibly old fractures . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . the patient was <unk> .
unchanged cardiomegaly . negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation . no large effusion . mildly prominent interstitial opacities .
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . the lungs are clear bilaterally . lateral views obscured by patient body habitus . there is no evidence of apical disease . xxxx are unchanged from previous exam and appear normal . thoracic spine shows osteophyte <unk> at several levels .
there has been interval cabg . sternotomy and xxxx <unk> xxxx appear intact . no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine . visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance . atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta .
normal heart size . normal mediastinal silhouette . no pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity .
xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal clips are unchanged . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are unchanged . no xxxx pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged .
normal cardiac contours . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . clear left lung xxxx . right middle lobe with increased xxxx <unk> of infiltrate .
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . visualized osseous structures appear intact .
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease . there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine .
status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg . heart size is normal . coronary vascular stent . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable . calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx . normal pulmonary vascularity . degenerative changes of the spine .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
lungs are clear without focal or pneumothorax . normal heart size . bony thorax and soft tissue is unremarkable .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is within normal limits . there is retrocardiac density which xxxx <unk> to known hiatal hernia . the lungs are hypoinflated . no focal consolidation is seen .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . no focal airspace disease . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are clear without focal or pleural effusion . bony thorax is unremarkable .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the lungs appear clear . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal . patient status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg .
this is an apical lordotic view the chest . heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
stable postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib . residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe . the lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses . heart and mediastinum are normal .
low lung volumes . question patchy opacity left base . no pneumothorax . osseous structures intact . small right effusion .
normal heart size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . emphysematous changes are noted .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the tracheostomy tube tip is num cm above the <unk> . there are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial stable from prior radiographs . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits . there are mild degenerative changes of the spine .
patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe . subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the heart size is normal .
lung volumes are mildly decreased . the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal . there is bilateral lower lobe xxxx airspace opacities compatible with <unk> atelectasis . there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
right paratracheal <unk> is <unk> and xxxx than normal . the xxxx are normal . heart size normal . lungs clear and expanded with no infiltrates .
this is an apical lordotic view the chest . heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
cardiomegaly is present . the upper lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous <unk> . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm . bony changes of <unk> <unk> are noted .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine . stent is noted in the abdomen . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified granuloma are noted .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormalities .
there has been interval <unk> of cabg with multiple xxxx sternotomy surgical and cabg markers . <unk> of the xxxx sternotomy xxxx are and a fragment at a sternotomy xxxx appears to xxxx within the left posterior pleural space . stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence . no focal or effusion . relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm .
the cardiac contours are normal . lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures are intact .
the pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not <unk> seen . the lungs are otherwise clear . heart size normal . no pneumothorax . there is a right chest xxxx with tip projecting over the lower svc .
stable without focal or pleural effusion . stable right basilar calcified granuloma . no acute osseous abnormality identified .
no focal lung consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . osseous structures are grossly intact .
moderate cardiomegaly . bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusions .
heart size is normal . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
the patchy right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are <unk> unchanged in the interval . no xxxx infiltrates . heart size remains large . tracheostomy tube remains in the trachea . a right central line has its tip at the superior xxxx xxxx .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
rotated apical lordotic frontal mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings . no definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen . <unk> for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal <unk> calcified and mildly tortuous aorta . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
heart size is mildly enlarged but stable . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age .
heart size within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes thoracic spine .
there are prominent epicardial fat unchanged from prior . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . there is atherosclerosis of the aortic xxxx . unchanged streaky opacities in the bilateral costophrenic sulci xxxx represent chronic scarring or atelectasis .
normal heart size is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . fractures of the posterior left and .
stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation . stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic stable mediastinal contours . no definite pleural effusion no typical findings of pulmonary edema . <unk> spine <unk> and marginal osteophytes again noted .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . the xxxx are unremarkable .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities . lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
heart size is normal . lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . the aorta is atherosclerotic . emphysematous changes are identified . there is no acute infiltrate or effusion .
there has been interval cabg . sternotomy and xxxx <unk> xxxx appear intact . no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine . visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance . atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta .
the cardiac contours are normal . aortic calcification . prior granulomatous disease . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
heart size is moderately enlarged . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity xxxx demonstrated on the lateral study . there is a fracture of superior sternotomy xxxx unchanged .
frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal . there is normal <unk> of the pulmonary vascularity . the lungs are clear . no or pneumothorax .
stable cardiomegaly . prominent xxxx are stable . low lung volumes . no pneumothorax . minimal right costophrenic xxxx blunting . no focal infiltrates .
heart size within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified .
heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity .
heart size is within normal limits . tortuous thoracic aorta . there is patchy right base airspace disease . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
both lungs are clear and expanded . no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations . heart and mediastinum remain normal .
heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal .
no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax . no focal areas of consolidation . heart size within normal limits . osseous structures intact .
the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting <unk> the mediastinum . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
the cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascularity are normal . there is mild bibasilar focal atelectasis . no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax . minimal atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . low lung volumes causing mild bronchovascular crowding . no focal airspace consolidation is seen . there is no pleural effusion . there is no large pneumothorax . visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated .
the heart appear normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious bony opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . right basilar calcified granuloma noted . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . normal xxxx .
both lungs remain hyperexpanded . no xxxx focal infiltrates . a small pleural or collection is xxxx present in the right apex . it has decreased <unk> since the previous examination . heart size remains normal .
no focal suspicious pulmonary pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal visualized osseous structures appear intact .
the heart size is normal . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits . the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates . there are no nodules or masses . no visible pneumothorax . no visible pleural fluid . the xxxx are grossly normal . there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm .
heart size moderately enlarged . mild left costophrenic xxxx blunting . streaky and patchy bibasilar left greater than right . right hemidiaphragm eventration noted . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
heart size within normal no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
heart size and mediastinal contours are stable . there is minimal patchy right lower lobe airspace disease identified . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
normal heart size and mediastinal contour . lungs are clear <unk> for residuals of prior granulomatous infection . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . the xxxx are unremarkable .
there are a few small nodular opacities in the left xxxx seen on the frontal view overlying the left posterior rib . lungs otherwise appear clear . no focal airspace consolidation . no overt pulmonary edema . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits . calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are
mild cardiomegaly . changes of chronic lung disease . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . accentuated thoracic kyphosis .
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . there is no focal airspace pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
trachea is midline . the heart size is normal . the lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities . lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality .
on the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space <unk> throughout . osteophyte formation is present with some sclerosis and <unk> <unk> formation <unk> along the superior <unk> and femoral head . <unk> <unk> not <unk> evidence for fracture or destructive process . ap view of the <unk> shows no femoral xxxx destructive process or other <unk>
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal .
soft tissue neck . the airway is xxxx . no <unk> edema . <unk> xxxx intact . cervical spine intact . chest . the heart is large . diffuse <unk> and alveolar consolidations are present . bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting is present .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . there is stable mild xxxx deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body .
the heart size and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . left hemidiaphragm is elevated . this is unchanged . no focal airspace disease is seen . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted .
well <unk> num mm right upper lobe unchanged appearance from previous examination num <unk> <unk> . the trachea is midline . negative for pleural effusion . the heart size is normal . redemonstrated <unk> .
the cardiac upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute air space pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
heart bony structures are unremarkable . stable increased lung volumes consistent with chronic lung disease . no xxxx infiltrates noted .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute osseous findings .
lungs are hyperexpanded . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . normal heart size and mediastinal contour .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
aorta is ectatic . heart size is within normal limits . no focal pneumothorax or pleural effusion . anterior wedging deformity of lower thoracic vertebra .
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact .
there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures are intact .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
heart and pulmonary vasculature are normal . mediastinal contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal infiltrate or effusion . no pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures intact .
heart size is upper limits of normal but stable . tortuous aorta . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age .
similar mild cardiomegaly . of the pulmonary vascularity is prominent . no focal consolidations or effusions . no pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality .
both lungs are clear and expanded . no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations . heart and mediastinum remain normal .
heart size is upper limits of normal for ap projection . mediastinal contours and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable . the <unk> obscures the bilateral lung apices . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no displaced rib fractures are seen . there are moderate degenerative changes along the thoracic spine .
a calcified granuloma is present in the right costophrenic xxxx . lungs are otherwise clear . heart size normal .
there are xxxx left upper lobe opacities . lungs otherwise appear clear . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is as is within normal limits .
lung volumes are low . no focal infiltrates . pulmonary xxxx are normal .
heart and mediastinum within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality . no lymphadenopathy .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
frontal two and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . the cardiac silhouette remains <unk> enlarged . there is aortic xxxx vascular calcification . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion .
no pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no free subdiaphragmatic air .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
there are cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
there is an <unk> opacity cm in the retrocardiac area on ap not on the lateral a <unk> xxxx scan is <unk> . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present . the heart is normal in size . no hilar lymphadenopathy . no destructive bony lesions .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
normal heart size . the lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the trachea is midline and xxxx .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
heart and mediastinum are normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
some hyperinflation appears to be present . there are small calcified granulomas . the lungs are otherwise clear . the heart is normal . the mediastinum is normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged . stable right upper lobe scarring with pleural thickening . no xxxx consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
stable appearance of lower cervical fusion xxxx . heart size normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no focal airspace disease . calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease . bony structures appear intact . <unk> of the thoracic spine .
mild cardiomegaly . tortuous aorta . no focal infiltrate . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left .
heart size is normal . no focal consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
no large pleural effusions . no pneumothorax . no focal airspace opacities . heart size is normal .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace . no alveolar no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema . heart size within normal limits . no pneumothorax .
the both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
no focal or large pleural effusion identified . stable blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx xxxx due to pleural . redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified xxxx . changes in the lungs consistent with . cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable . no acute osseous abnormalities identified . opacity in the left apex consistent with <unk> change seen on the
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
normal cardiac contours . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . no focal lung consolidation .
stable enlargement of the cardiac stable mediastinal and hilar surgical clips and cabg markers . stable xxxx densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
normal heart size . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the outside is normal <unk> for slight cardiomegaly .
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . calcified granuloma right midlung . no focal airspace or large pleural effusion . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
low lung volumes . heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . no focal air space or pleural effusion . mild thoracic spine degenerative change .
both lungs remain clear and expanded . an old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe . heart and mediastinum normal .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable . lungs are clear without infiltrate . there is no effusion or pneumothorax .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are hyperexpanded . scattered granuloma . no focal airspace disease . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
xxxx xxxx and lateral views of the chest were obtained on xxxx . the lung volumes are normal . the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions . the mediastinum and pulmonary xxxx are normal . the bony <unk> are not <unk> .
lateral over the there is a diameter <unk> nodule of uncertain <unk> . the trachea is midline . negative for pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . the heart size is normal . mild tortuosity aorta is redemonstrated .
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . normal xxxx .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . xxxx and curvilinear xxxx densities over the breast shadows compatible with <unk> .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . there is mild prominence of the interstitial markings which are unchanged .
heart size is normal . the lungs and costophrenic xxxx are clear . the bony thorax is grossly intact .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
heart size and mediastinal contours are unremarkable . there is no pleural focal airspace consolidation .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta . there are chronic changes <unk> noted in the lung apices . the xxxx are mildly prominent but stable . no acute infiltrate is seen . there is no pleural effusion .
the heart is mildly enlarged . tortuous aorta . lungs are normally inflated and clear . mild degenerative changes of the spine .
heart size is near top normal limits for technique . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are stable and within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute osseous findings .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . the left hemidiaphragm is elevated . this is unchanged . no focal airspace disease is seen . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted . there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . the patient was <unk> .
mild cardiomegaly . tortuous aorta . no focal infiltrate . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left .
hyperexpanded lungs . lungs are clear without focal or pneumothorax . normal heart size . multiple surgical clips overlie the <unk> .
atrial septal <unk> artifact . rotated frontal overall heart size within normal no typical findings of pulmonary edema . xxxx densities in the left small focal xxxx opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic xxxx . biapical <unk> irregularities most compatible with chronic appearing right rib contour deformity . no pneumothorax .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
no focal suspicious pulmonary pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal visualized osseous structures appear intact .
the mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are <unk> prominent than previously . heart size remains normal . lungs are clear .
stable enlargement of the cardiac lateral view <unk> fissural thickening . interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases .
there are osteophytes . there calcified costochondral <unk> . there is loss of disc xxxx of a midthoracic vertebral body . there are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring . no pneumothorax . the heart is borderline enlarged .
the heart is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
there is hyperinflation of the lungs but <unk> are clear . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal . there are bilateral breast prostheses .
the heart is again enlarged . aorta is tortuous . the lungs are hypoinflated but clear . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
the lungs are clear . no pleural effusion is seen . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal .
normal cardiac and central pulmonary vasculature . interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper concerning for underlying pneumonia . stable mild <unk> chronic interstitial changes . no evidence of associated pleural effusion or pneumothorax . multilevel midthoracic degenerative with prominent <unk> marginal osteophytes .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the posterior costophrenic xxxx are excluded on the lateral view . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal clips are unchanged . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are unchanged . no xxxx pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact .
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax is identified . no acute osseous abnormality identified .
the lungs are clear . no pleural effusion is seen . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal .
the heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . no acute bone abnormality .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . no evidence of abnormal <unk> foreign bodies .
low lung volumes . heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . no focal air space or pleural effusion . mild thoracic spine degenerative change .
there has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from xxxx . the cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged . pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural suggesting mild pulmonary edema . there is no focal airspace or large pleural effusion . descending thoracic aorta is tortuous . there are no acute bony findings
no interval change is <unk> in the bony thorax . the heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta . the pulmonary vasculature is not engorged . lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion . the fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no <unk> of the <unk> of
limited lateral projection . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . healed distal left <unk> fracture noted .
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding . sequela of prior granulomatous disease . otherwise lungs clear . heart size normal . stable severe xxxx deformity .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . mild levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
there are xxxx opacities in the left xxxx subsegmental atelectasis . xxxx opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal xxxx xxxx reflect epicardial fat xxxx and overlying breast tissue . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is at the upper limits of normal . there are diffuse degenerative changes
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
there are stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . no acute bone abnormality .
aortic atherosclerotic calcifications . large hiatal hernia . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no focal opacity . cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
stable calcified no focal areas of consolidation . no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax . heart size within normal limits . osseous structures intact .
the lungs clear and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits . mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta . xxxx sternotomy xxxx noted . inferior sternotomy xxxx is <unk> .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . bilateral hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy . the appearance is unchanged . there is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally . these are also unchanged . no focal superimposed airspace disease is seen . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
there are scattered calcified granulomas . the lungs are otherwise clear . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . normal heart size and mediastinal contour . right humeral internal fixation xxxx is noted .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette . no airspace pleural or pneumothorax . no cardiopulmonary disease .
lung changes are present . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . some prominent perihilar opacities are present . some vague small nodular opacities are present in the right upper lung zone . these are slightly more prominent than on the previous study . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
the heart is xxxx within normal limits in size given the low lung volumes an ap <unk> technique . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there is biapical pleural thickening which is <unk> . there is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion . there are degenerative changes of the spine .
aortic atherosclerotic calcifications . large hiatal hernia . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no focal opacity . cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance .
there is xxxx mild cardiomegaly . there is no focal consolidation . there is no xxxx of a large pleural effusion . there is no evidence of pneumothorax .
heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity .
stable obscuration of the left cardiac xxxx representing left pleural thickening . stable nodular opacity within the left midlung . the lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable . xxxx are unremarkable .
low lung volumes . cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . calcified bilateral hilar lymph greater on the left . no acute osseous findings .
low lung volumes . heart size normal . no pleural or focal airspace disease . bony structures appear intact . left humeral head bone <unk> .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
borderline enlarged heart . stable mediastinal contours . aortic xxxx calcifications . hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial compatible with emphysema . bilateral streaky opacities . increased vascularity compatible with pulmonary vascular congestion . no focal airspace disease . no acute bony abnormality .
heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are grossly intact .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and <unk> of the distal pulmonary vasculature . there is no focal consolidation . thoracic spondylosis .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
no focal lung consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . osseous structures are grossly intact .
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are clear without focal or pleural effusion . bony thorax is unremarkable .
heart size and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . no change in a small calcified right apical granuloma . heart and mediastinum normal .
patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe . subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the heart size is normal .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are grossly clear .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
there are bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally . there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the xxxx are unremarkable . there is an <unk> xxxx overlying left upper quadrant .
tortuosity of the aorta . no pleural effusion or airspace consolidation . cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits . pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact . unchanged eventration of the left hemidiaphragm versus small hernia .
the heart is mild normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . mild blunting of right costophrenic xxxx . the lungs are otherwise grossly clear .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated .
there are osteophytes . small nodule projecting near the left heart xxxx is unchanged from xxxx and appears calcified . this xxxx represents a calcified granuloma . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . extensive degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . mildly enlarged heart . tortuous aorta . aortic calcifications . no focal area of pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib . residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe . the lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses . heart and mediastinum are normal .
no acute osseous abnormality . stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours . no focal area of pleural or pneumothorax .
xxxx diffuse right lower lobe airspace opacity is present . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal .
normal heart size . clear lungs . no large pleural effusion . no pneumothorax .
sequelae of old granulomatous disease . lungs are clear without focal airspace disease . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . pectus <unk> is noted . calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . mild xxxx deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine .
cardiomegaly . interstitial opacities consistent with edema in the lower lobes . no pneumothorax . no large pleural effusion .
the lungs are clear . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
there has been previous aortic valve replacement . heart is <unk> upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion . the skeletal structures are normal . the soft tissues are normal .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no discrete nodules or adenopathy identified .
eventration of the left diaphragm is noted . question left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate . no evidence of pneumothorax . <unk> lung volumes . no definite pleural effusions . heart size within normal limits . osseous structures intact .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . mild blunting of right costophrenic xxxx . the lungs are otherwise grossly clear .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . there has been <unk> of left base airspace opacities . the lungs now appear clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen . the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
num images . calcified right lung base . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified lymph xxxx are demonstrated in the left hilum . no focal pulmonary consolidation . diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial consistent with the history of known pulmonary with relative <unk> of the bilateral lung apices . no pneumothorax or large
no focal lung consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . osseous structures are grossly intact .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are free of acute infiltrates and expanded . <unk> scarring in the left lower lobe is unchanged . heart and mediastinum normal .
there are low lung volumes . the cardiac upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute pulmonary pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
there has been interval <unk> of cabg with multiple xxxx sternotomy surgical and cabg markers . <unk> of the xxxx sternotomy xxxx are and a fragment at a sternotomy xxxx appears to xxxx within the left posterior pleural space . stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence . no focal or effusion . relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax .
num images . calcified right lung base . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the lungs remain hyperexpanded . no masses or infiltrates in the lungs . no pleural or mediastinal air collections . heart size normal .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . emphysematous changes .
there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding . there is no focal consolidation . no visualized pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits . the cardiomediastinal contours is grossly normal in size and contour .
sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal clips are unchanged . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are unchanged . no xxxx pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged .
there is mild cardiomegaly with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature . there are grossly intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips . there is no focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the cardiac upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute air space pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance . pulmonary vascular is unremarkable . lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease . negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion . limited evaluation of the xxxx to be grossly intact .
heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion . bony structures are within normal limits .
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size and mediastinal contour normal . lungs are clear <unk> for residuals of prior granulomatous infection . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . pectus <unk> is noted . calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . mild xxxx deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
this study is limited by the patient body habitus . lungs appear to be clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal .
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine .
the cardiac contours are normal . xxxx scarring left base . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age .
no focal suspicious pulmonary pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal visualized osseous structures appear intact .
the aortic xxxx is mildly tortuous . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . there are osteophytes . large body habitus .
