heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits . there is no focal airspace pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there are degenerative changes in the spine .
heart bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . there are osteophytes .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . scoliosis . degenerative changes in the spine .
heart size within normal limits . no alveolar no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal . lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes in the spine .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
the lungs are clear . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal . patient status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is a region of left upper lobe perihilar opacity identified .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . there are increased <unk> in the bilateral apices along with <unk> oblique scarring in the left upper lobe . this could suggest emphysematous bullae . xxxx are grossly unremarkable .
no there are no acute osseous abnormalities . soft tissues are within normal limits . there is stable enlargement of the heart . calcific aorta . stable bilateral calcified granulomas . the lungs are clear bilaterally without focal area of pleural or pneumothorax .
the heart size is well <unk> enlarged . the lungs are clear without focal air space disease . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity .
heart size and vascularity normal . lungs are clear . no effusions . no pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . biapical <unk> . hyperexpanded lungs without focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
the heart size and lungs have xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size and vascularity normal . external contour normal . lungs clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
the lungs are clear . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette or normal in size and contour . there is no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no evidence of tuberculous disease . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . no evidence of active tuberculosis .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . negative for or focal airspace consolidation . the lungs are normally aerated .
normal heart size and mediastinal contours . atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta . no focal airspace opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance .
the heart size is normal . lungs are clear . there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion . bony structures are within normal limits .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib . residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe . the lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses . heart and mediastinum are normal .
heart size within normal limits . heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
no pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . there is a discrete cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe . the additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease . heart size normal . cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear . bony structures appear intact . right <unk> nipple <unk> .
heart size upper limits normal . pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal . no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . <unk> <unk> are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine . this could indicate diffuse <unk> skeletal <unk> . this is similar to prior <unk> .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . cholecystectomy clips are present .
heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine . clear lungs bilaterally . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormalities .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
heart size near top normal limits for technique . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process .
there are low lung volumes . the lungs are clear . heart and mediastinum are normal .
lungs are clear . no focal or pneumothorax . interval resolution of left effusion . central venous <unk> catheter unchanged in position . heart and mediastinal contours are normal . osseous structures intact .
frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal . there is normal <unk> of the pulmonary vascularity . the lungs are clear . no or pneumothorax .
soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable . heart size is upper limit of normal . lung xxxx are clear . no effusion or pneumothorax . calcified lymph xxxx stable from prior exam .
the trachea is midline . negative for pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . the heart size is normal .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour .
heart size and mediastinal contour normal . no pleural or focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
heart and mediastinum within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax .
no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax . no focal areas of consolidation . heart size within normal limits . osseous structures intact .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there is mild prominence of the superior mediastinum which is somewhat lucent and xxxx <unk> mediastinal and vascular structures . no focal consolidation is seen . there is no pleural effusion .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . granulomatous sequela are noted . the lungs are otherwise clear .
normal heart size and hilar vascular markings . evidence of prior granulomatous disease . the lungs are clear without focal area of pleural or pneumothorax . there are no acute osseous abnormalities present . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . the soft tissues are within normal limits .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . vascular calcification is noted . no adenopathy is seen .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
heart size normal . prominent epicardial fat . lungs are clear . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . evidence of prior granulomatous disease . no acute osseous findings .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of focal consolidations or pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal . incidental note xxxx of bilateral breast <unk> .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size in appearance and stable from xxxx . the lungs are clear . soft tissues and bony structures are unremarkable . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
there has been previous aortic valve replacement . heart is <unk> upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion . the skeletal structures are normal . the soft tissues are normal .
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax is identified . no acute osseous abnormality identified .
no focal lung consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . osseous structures are grossly intact .
no focal consolidation . no visualized pneumothorax . no large pleural effusions . the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable .
there are persistent low lung volumes . there is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease . probable xxxx residual left pneumothorax . no large pleural effusion . stable cardiomediastinal contour . rib fractures are better appreciated on the xxxx chest comparison .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
heart size is normal . cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . the lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no pulmonary nodules . bony structures are intact .
normal heart size . clear lungs . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
no focal lung consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . osseous structures are grossly intact .
both lungs remain clear and expanded . an old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe . heart and mediastinum normal .
lungs are clear . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
there are low lung volumes . the lungs are clear . no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion . calcific density in the right lung compatible with calcified granuloma .
two nodules are noted in the right xxxx xxxx measuring num mm and one measuring num mm in diameter . the smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large xxxx appears to be within the left lower lobe . no focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified . if a <unk> evaluation reveals
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration . pulmonary vasculature within normal limits . the lungs are . there is no pleural or focal consolidation .
heart size normal . no pleural or focal airspace disease . bony structures intact .
the lungs are clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
heart size normal . no pleural or focal airspace disease . bony structures intact .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . the previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved . right chest wall surgical xxxx have been removed . there is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual xxxx opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis .
lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
lung lines remain low . no focal infiltrates are identified . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal .
there been previous aortic valve replacement . heart is <unk> upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion . the skeletal structures are normal . the soft tissues are normal .
the heart size and lungs have xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there is no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity .
normal heart size . normal mediastinal silhouette . no pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal .
normal heart size is mildly enlarged . there are diffusely increased interstitial opacities bilaterally . no focal or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
the heart is normal in size . atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta . the mediastinum is stable . there is again soft tissue density projected over the right mid xxxx known large breast mass . the appearance is grossly stable to decreased from prior study . the lateral projection is <unk> as patient could not <unk> xxxx . there is
the heart heart and lungs have xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable . lungs are clear . no focal or pleural effusion identified . xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable .
the lungs are clear . heart size and mediastinal contours are normal . no osseous abnormalities .
normal heart size . the lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the trachea is midline and xxxx .
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits . there are low lung volumes with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis . no focal airspace effusions or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated .
no trachea is midline . cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities .
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size of the cardiac silhouette . normal mediastinal pulmonary xxxx and central airways and lung volumes . no pleural effusion .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are normal .
there is mild similar to prior <unk> . no focal consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
lungs are clear bilaterallythere is no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . xxxx are unremarkable .
low lung volumes heart size normal . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
there is stable picc with tip at the caval atrial junction . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable . there is no focal airspace opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . stable <unk> segment catheter tubing overlying the left xxxx to <unk> within anterior chest soft tissues on <unk> chest soft
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax is identified . no acute osseous abnormality identified .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact .
normal heart size . clear lungs . no large pleural effusion . no pneumothorax .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the lungs are clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no pleural effusion is identified .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are grossly clear . no evidence of active tuberculosis .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . scoliosis .
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar right greater than left . bronchovascular <unk> central vascular <unk> . no findings to suggest pleural effusion . <unk> for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits .
chest . both lungs clear and expanded with no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations . heart and mediastinum remain normal . <unk> spine . disc and alignment are normal . <unk> and <unk> joints are normal .
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
there are osteophytes . small nodule projecting near the left heart xxxx is unchanged from xxxx and appears calcified . this xxxx represents a calcified granuloma . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
heart size is normal . no focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or effusion .
normal heart size and mediastinal contours . no abnormal airspace opacities . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size near top normal limits for technique . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process .
lungs are clear . heart size normal . the xxxx are unremarkable .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
the heart size is within normal limits . the prominent right paratracheal soft tissues xxxx representing adenopathy . no focal airspace pleural effusions or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities .
the heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine .
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary large pleural or pneumothorax is identified . visualized osseous structures appear intact . mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint and thoracic spine degenerative changes are noted .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . prominent left epicardial fat xxxx .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
low lung volumes are present . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . surgical clips are present in the abdomen .
heart size normal . no focal airspace pleural or pulmonary edema . no focal bony abnormality .
the lungs are grossly clear without focal <unk> large effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
given differences in patient heart size and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged . lungs appear clear without focal consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax . stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with scattered xxxx deformities . stable postsurgical changes of the left shoulder and marked degenerative changes of the right shoulder .
limited lateral projection . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . healed distal left <unk> fracture noted .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . there is minimal xxxx atelectasis or scar in the left lung base . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
there are scattered calcified granulomas . the lungs are otherwise clear . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . normal heart size and mediastinal contour . right humeral internal fixation xxxx is noted .
there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result . no pleural pneumothorax or focal airspace disease . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no free subdiaphragmatic air .
the heart and heart size within normal limits . the lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
heart size is normal . no focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or effusion .
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . lungs are clear bilaterally . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no bony or soft tissue abnormalities .
heart and mediastinum within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no nodules or adenopathy is identified .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . there are small round calcific density nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease bilaterally . the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there are no masses seen . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
heart size within normal limits . no focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or effusions .
there are low lung volumes . cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there is no focal opacity . there is no large pleural effusion . there is no pneumothorax .
clear lungs bilaterally with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
mediastinal contours are normal . the lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
the cardiac contours are normal . left apical scarring . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
heart bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted .
soft tissue neck . the airway is xxxx . no <unk> edema . <unk> xxxx intact . cervical spine intact . chest . the heart is large . diffuse <unk> and alveolar consolidations are present . bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting is present .
heart and focal focal focal focal focal focal suspicious pulmonary pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . no acute osseous abnormality identified .
mild cardiomegaly . low lung volumes without focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
the heart size is prominent left ventricular contour . unfolding of the thoracic aorta . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base . bibasilar bandlike opacities are present . the appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis .
mediastinal contours are within normal limits . heart size is within normal limits . no focal pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no bony abnormality . vague density in right mid xxxx related to <unk> tip and superimposed ribs . not visualized on lateral exam .
heart size is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . there is an num mm calcified nodule in the left midlung . there is also a num mm calcified nodule near the left hilum . hyperexpanded lungs consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
there are postsurgical and <unk> changes of the left lung with a <unk> scar in the left upper thorax . there is a loss of lung volume on the left due to postsurgical change . xxxx deviation <unk> the left . right lung is hyperexpanded . the right lung is clear . heart size and vascularity within normal limits .
heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are grossly intact .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
stable appearing bilateral calcified lymph xxxx . the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . no focal opacity . no large pleural effusion . there is no pneumothorax .
heart bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . mild degenerative changes are present in the spine . stent is noted in the abdomen . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified granuloma are noted .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there is no pulmonary nodule identified . there is a left humerus <unk> partly demonstrated .
heart size normal . no focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or effusions . no bony abnormalities .
the tracheostomy tube tip is num cm above the <unk> . there are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial stable from prior radiographs . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits . there are mild degenerative changes of the spine .
normal heart size is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta . the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . degenerative changes are present in the spine .
negative for cardiac enlargement . negative for vascular congestion . bilateral granulomas are seen scattered throughout the lungs . negative for pneumothorax . negative for focal air space consolidation . some minimal streaky opacity at the bilateral bases xxxx <unk> to subsegmental atelectasis .
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration . mildly tortuous thoracic aorta . the lungs are well aerated . there is no pleural or focal air space consolidation . mild elevation right hemidiaphragm .
there has been interval <unk> of cabg with multiple xxxx sternotomy surgical and cabg markers . <unk> of the xxxx sternotomy xxxx are and a fragment at a sternotomy xxxx appears to xxxx within the left posterior pleural space . stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence . no focal or effusion . relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm .
low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding . the trachea is midline . negative for pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . the cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged .
lungs hyperexpanded lungs with flattened consistent with emphysema . there is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions . no pneumothorax or effusions . mild bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting xxxx represents pleural thickening and scarring . degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are hyperexpanded but clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is stable . atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are present . the lungs are clear .
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are without focal or pleural effusion . grossly unchanged appearance of calcified hilar lymph xxxx and scattered calcified granulomas . stable degenerative changes in the spine .
lung volumes remain xxxx . xxxx opacities are present in both lower lobes . old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal .
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette . no airspace pleural or pneumothorax . no cardiopulmonary disease .
lungs are hyperexpanded . the lungs are clear . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size and mediastinal contour are normal .
sequelae of old granulomatous disease . no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
lungs are clear . a calcified small granuloma is present in the left lower lobe . heart size normal . mediastinum normal .
the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits . the lungs are clear . there is no or pneumothorax .
the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no evidence for mass lung apices . the heart is normal . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta . the skeletal structures are unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . no evidence of abnormal <unk> foreign bodies .
the heart is normal in size . the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . a opacity has developed in the right upper lobe . there is also xxxx patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe . no acute bony abnormality .
right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid svc . there is no pneumothorax . heart size is normal . no large pleural effusions . no acute focal airspace opacification .
there has been previous aortic valve replacement . heart is <unk> upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion . the skeletal structures are normal . the soft tissues are normal .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are again seen . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified lymph xxxx are demonstrated in the left hilum . no focal pulmonary consolidation . diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial consistent with the history of known pulmonary with relative <unk> of the bilateral lung apices . no pneumothorax or large
right lower lobe patchy opacities noted . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
mild cardiomegaly . tortuous aorta . no focal infiltrate . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left .
the heart size is upper limits of normal . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a <unk> pneumonia .
heart size and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size and lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . normal heart and mediastinal contours . normal pulmonary vasculature . bony thorax intact .
the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart is not significantly enlarged . there are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta . arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted .
central venous catheter tip in the right atrium . heart size and shape are normal . trachea and xxxx <unk> appear normal . the lungs are <unk> well expanded . there xxxx and patchy nodular densities in both lower lung xxxx more marked on the right than the left . there is scattered areas of <unk> wall in the left
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . there is bilateral without focal or pleural effusion . visualized osseous structures appear intact .
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits . eventration of the right hemidiaphragm . no focal lung pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute osseous findings .
the lungs are clear . no pleural effusion is seen . the heart is normal . the skeletal structures are normal .
low lung volumes with <unk> appearance of the xxxx normal heart size . negative for or pneumothorax . bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable .
the lungs clear lungs . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . the pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal .
the lungs appear clear . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . the pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal .
there are mild increased interstitial opacities most prominent in the lung bases . heart size is large . no pneumothorax . osseous structures are grossly intact .
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are hyperexpanded but clear . biapical scarring noted . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
there is mild similar to prior <unk> . no focal consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged . there is a moderate hiatal hernia . the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate . no effusion or pneumothorax .
heart size moderately enlarged . mild left costophrenic xxxx blunting . streaky and patchy bibasilar left greater than right . right hemidiaphragm eventration noted . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
there is an marked interval increase in heart size . the heart also demonstrates the xxxx xxxx compatible with pericardial effusion . a small right pleural effusion the present . the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrates . normal pulmonary vascularity . no pneumothorax .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
calcified left lower lobe granuloma . no focal areas of consolidation . no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax . degenerative changes noted of the thoracic spine .
there is widening of the mediastinum . there is moderate cardiomegaly identified . the central pulmonary xxxx appear enlarged . correlate for pulmonary vascular congestion . no focal infiltrate . no large effusion or pneumothorax .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine . stent is noted in the abdomen . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified granuloma are noted .
the heart size is upper limits of normal . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a <unk> pneumonia .
heart size normal . no focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or effusions . no bony abnormalities .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . xxxx are grossly unremarkable . there are some minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . evidence of chronic granulomatous disease .
the heart is both lungs have xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . visualized osseous structures appear intact .
the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal . the lungs are clear . there is no evidence of pleural effusion . postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine .
internal jugular central venous catheter with tip <unk> the right atrium . postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy xxxx . left base opacities again stable . there is a left lung not well appreciated on prior . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . low lung volumes . degenerative changes thoracic spine .
heart size within normal limits . no focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or effusions .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis . prior cholecystectomy .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . no evidence of abnormal <unk> foreign bodies .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
lungs remain hyperexpanded . no change in the right middle lobe opacification . no xxxx infiltrates or masses . pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . the patient was <unk> .
there postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg . there is stable mild cardiomegaly . there are scattered xxxx of subsegmental decreased from the prior chest radiograph . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . the xxxx are unremarkable .
heart bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone . thoracic spondylosis .
mild cardiomegaly . changes of chronic lung disease . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . accentuated thoracic kyphosis .
the heart is normal in size . the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance . no focal air space opacities . no pleural effusions or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities .
num images . small centrally calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base . otherwise the lungs are clear . heart size is normal . no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . the lungs are clear bilaterally . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no bony or soft tissue abnormalities .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
several calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions . the trachea is midline . negative for pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . the heart size is normal .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
right lower lobe patchy opacities noted . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
normal heart size . the lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the trachea is midline and xxxx .
heart size is moderately enlarged . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity xxxx demonstrated on the lateral study . there is a fracture of superior sternotomy xxxx unchanged .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance . there is no interval change in the diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base . these opacities appear slightly increased as compared to prior examination . mild volume loss unchanged . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the thoracic spine appears
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . pectus <unk> is noted . calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . mild xxxx deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar contours . stable mild right apical irregularities compatible with scarring . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the heart is mildly enlarged . the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm . there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis possible infiltrate . increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct . the study is limited secondary to moderate xxxx motion . underlying emphysematous changes .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . the patient was <unk> .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . the lungs are grossly clear . bilateral breast prostheses are noted .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . there are low lung causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding . there is a xxxx opacity in the left lingula . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
there are stable acute osseous abnormalities . questionable old left posterior <unk> and fourth rib fractures . visualized soft tissues are within normal limits . normal heart size . normal hilar vascular markings . subtle prominence of interstitial markings in the left worse than right . no focal area of pleural or pneumothorax .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia .
normal cardiac contours . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormalities .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . the left hemidiaphragm is elevated . this is unchanged . no focal airspace disease is seen . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted . there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
no focal pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal no mediastinal widening <unk> in appearance of vascular injury . right paratracheal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process . no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration . pulmonary vasculature within normal limits . the lungs are . there is no pleural or focal consolidation .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
heart size upper limits normal . mediastinal contours unremarkable . pulmonary vascularity is normal . right lung is clear . xxxx opacities left lung base may represent atelectasis versus scarring . no focal consolidation . no pleural no pneumothorax . bony structures unremarkable .
both lungs remain clear and expanded . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . no change in the large <unk> hernia .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . hyperexpanded lungs without focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . right chest wall surgical compatible with prior <unk> . negative for acute bone abnormality .
chronic bilateral emphysematous changes . the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . there is a vague right suprahilar density with elevation of the xxxx fissure most xxxx mild subsegmental atelectasis <unk> superimposed infection cannot be <unk> excluded . the <unk> lungs are clear .
heart size and pulmonary vasculature are normal . there is no focal airspace pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality .
soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable . heart size is upper limit of normal . lungs are clear . no effusion or pneumothorax .
normal heart size . normal mediastinal silhouette . no pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . hyperexpanded lungs without focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . right chest wall surgical compatible with prior <unk> . negative for acute bone abnormality .
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact .
cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal . no visible focal airspace or pleural effusion is seen . no visible free air under the diaphragm . the osseous structures appear intact . there is a mild dextro scoliotic curvature of the midthoracic spine .
the heart size is normal . no focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or effusions .
the heart size is normal . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits . the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates . there are no nodules or masses . no visible pneumothorax . no visible pleural fluid . the xxxx are grossly normal . there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine .
no focal or pleural effusion identified . there is a cm nodular opacity within the right which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy . scattered calcified granulomas also seen . heart size is upper limit normal . no acute bony abnormality .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion . multiple <unk> round xxxx xxxx over the abdomen on the lateral view . these may <unk> or outside of the patient .
heart and mediastinum are unremarkable . the lungs are clear without infiltrate . there is no effusion or pneumothorax .
the trachea is midline . negative for pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . the heart size is at the upper limits of normal . calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is stable in appearance xxxx compared to the previous <unk> .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . the patient was <unk> .
unchanged cardiomegaly . negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation . no large effusion . mildly prominent interstitial opacities .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted .
<unk> . <unk> over the mid abdomen there are multiple dilated loops of small bowel measuring the xxxx of which <unk> <unk> to <unk> cm in diameter . there is also an <unk> dilated xxxx in the <unk> region which measures cm in diameter . there is extensive soft tissue <unk> . prior abdominal surgery . chest . there is
heart size normal . lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal clips are unchanged . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are unchanged . no xxxx pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged .
normal cardiac contours . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities . clear lung xxxx bilaterally . no <unk> disc narrowing or loss of vertebral body xxxx .
heart size size at the upper limits of normal . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity .
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease . there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine .
status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg . heart size is normal . coronary vascular stent . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable . calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx . normal pulmonary vascularity . degenerative changes of the spine .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is within normal limits . there is retrocardiac density which xxxx <unk> to known hiatal hernia . the lungs are hypoinflated . no focal consolidation is seen .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . no focal airspace disease . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are clear without focal or pleural effusion . bony thorax is unremarkable .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
the lungs appear clear . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal . patient status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg .
this is an apical lordotic view the chest . heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
xxxx sternotomy xxxx remain in xxxx . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
low lung volumes . question patchy opacity left base . no pneumothorax . osseous structures intact . small right effusion .
normal heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are hyperexpanded but clear .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the tracheostomy tube tip is num cm above the <unk> . there are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial stable from prior radiographs . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits . there are mild degenerative changes of the spine .
<unk> attenuation obscures <unk> . the lungs are clear and expanded . heart is large . pulmonary xxxx are normal .
lung volumes are mildly decreased . the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal . there is bilateral lower lobe xxxx airspace opacities compatible with <unk> atelectasis . there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
there are stable postoperative changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy . the lungs are clear . no focal airspace consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm . normal heart size and mediastinal contour .
this is an apical lordotic view the chest . heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
cardiomegaly is present . the upper lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous <unk> . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm . bony changes of <unk> <unk> are noted .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base . bibasilar bandlike opacities are present . the appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
there is interval placement of a xxxx on the left chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction . the heart size is within normal limits . lung volumes within normal limits . slightly prominent pulmonary vascularity noted . increased <unk> <unk> . no large or pneumothorax . there is <unk> edema <unk> the right xxxx fissure . there
the cardiac contours are normal . lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures are intact .
the pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not <unk> seen . the lungs are otherwise clear . heart size normal . no pneumothorax . there is a right chest xxxx with tip projecting over the lower svc .
stable without focal or pleural effusion . stable right basilar calcified granuloma . no acute osseous abnormality identified .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated .
moderate cardiomegaly . bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusions .
heart size is normal . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
the patchy right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are <unk> unchanged in the interval . no xxxx infiltrates . heart size remains large . tracheostomy tube remains in the trachea . a right central line has its tip at the superior xxxx xxxx .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . cholecystectomy clips are present .
rotated apical lordotic frontal mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings . no definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen . <unk> for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal <unk> calcified and mildly tortuous aorta . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
heart size is mildly enlarged but stable . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age .
heart size within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes thoracic spine .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . bilateral hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy . the appearance is unchanged . there is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally . these are also unchanged . no focal superimposed airspace disease is seen . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination . lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
hyperexpanded lungs with flattened consistent with emphysema . there is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions . no pneumothorax or effusions . mild bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting xxxx represents pleural thickening and scarring . degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . the xxxx are unremarkable .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no evidence of tuberculous disease . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
heart size is normal . lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . the aorta is atherosclerotic . emphysematous changes are identified . there is no acute infiltrate or effusion .
there are postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg . there is stable mild cardiomegaly . there are scattered xxxx of subsegmental decreased from the prior chest radiograph . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine .
the cardiac contours are normal . aortic calcification . prior granulomatous disease . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
heart size is moderately enlarged . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity xxxx demonstrated on the lateral study . there is a fracture of superior sternotomy xxxx unchanged .
frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal . there is normal <unk> of the pulmonary vascularity . the lungs are clear . no or pneumothorax .
stable cardiomegaly . xxxx sternotomy xxxx are intact . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . xxxx calcific density in the left mid to upper lung xxxx represents old granulomatous disease . no focal consolidation . stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph xxxx . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity .
heart size is within normal limits . tortuous thoracic aorta . there is patchy right base airspace disease . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified .
the lungs are clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no pleural effusion is identified .
no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax . no focal areas of consolidation . heart size within normal limits . osseous structures intact .
the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting <unk> the mediastinum . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
heart size moderately enlarged . mild left costophrenic xxxx blunting . streaky and patchy bibasilar left greater than right . right hemidiaphragm eventration noted . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute osseous findings .
the heart appear normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious bony opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax .
the lungs are clear . no focal or pneumothorax . heart and mediastinal contours are normal . osseous structures intact .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . normal xxxx .
both lungs remain hyperexpanded . no xxxx focal infiltrates . a small pleural or collection is xxxx present in the right apex . it has decreased <unk> since the previous examination . heart size remains normal .
no focal suspicious pulmonary pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal visualized osseous structures appear intact .
the heart size is normal . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits . the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates . there are no nodules or masses . no visible pneumothorax . no visible pleural fluid . the xxxx are grossly normal . there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm .
heart size moderately enlarged . mild left costophrenic xxxx blunting . streaky and patchy bibasilar left greater than right . right hemidiaphragm eventration noted . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
heart size within normal no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged . there is a moderate hiatal hernia . the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate . no effusion or pneumothorax .
heart size and mediastinal contour normal . lungs are clear <unk> for residuals of prior granulomatous infection . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
heart size within normal limits . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . the xxxx are unremarkable .
there are a few small nodular opacities in the left xxxx seen on the frontal view overlying the left posterior rib . lungs otherwise appear clear . no focal airspace consolidation . no overt pulmonary edema . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits . calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are
mild cardiomegaly . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . there is thoracic kyphosis . there is xxxx deformity of and unchanged xxxx abdomen xxxx . aortic calcifications are noted . fracture of right proximal incompletely evaluated .
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact .
trachea is midline . the heart size is normal . the lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities . lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable .
mediastinal contours are hyperexpanded . the lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal .
soft tissue neck . the airway is xxxx . no <unk> edema . <unk> xxxx intact . cervical spine intact . chest . the heart is large . diffuse <unk> and alveolar consolidations are present . bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting is present .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . there is stable irregularity of the posterior left rib which xxxx represents an old fracture .
the heart size and lungs have xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
lungs are clear without focal lungs . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
the cardiac upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute air space pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . no large pleural effusions . no focal airspace opacities .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute osseous findings .
lungs are hyperexpanded . there is a large rounded lucency in the right upper xxxx large emphysematous xxxx . there are xxxx biapical xxxx scarring . no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia . there is no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . normal heart size . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
normal heart size . clear lungs . no large pleural effusion . no pneumothorax .
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact .
there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures are intact .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
heart and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . no focal consolidation . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are unremarkable .
heart size is upper limits of normal but stable . mediastinal contours are within normal limits . chronically increased interstitial markings without focal airspace pleural pneumothorax . degenerative changes of the spine .
low lung volumes . no focal or pneumothorax . normal heart size . bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable .
both lungs are clear and expanded . no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations . heart and mediastinum remain normal .
heart size is upper limits of normal for ap projection . mediastinal contours and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable . the <unk> obscures the bilateral lung apices . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no displaced rib fractures are seen . there are moderate degenerative changes along the thoracic spine .
there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures are intact .
there are xxxx left upper lobe opacities . lungs otherwise appear clear . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is as is within normal limits .
lung volumes are low . no focal infiltrates . pulmonary xxxx are normal .
heart size and lungs are clear . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . bony structures are intact .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
frontal two and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . the cardiac silhouette remains <unk> enlarged . there is aortic xxxx vascular calcification . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion .
no pleural effusion or focal areas of consolidation . no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax . normal heart size and mediastinal contour . osseous structures intact .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
there are cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette . normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways . no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion .
heart size is normal . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour .
apical lordotic frontal view . heart size within normal mild aortic . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . chronic appearing contour irregularity of the distal left clavicle and xxxx xxxx widening may be posttraumatic or <unk> noted at the thoracolumbar junction .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of focal consolidations or pleural effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . lung volumes are low normal . there are no acute bony findings .
heart and mediastinum are normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
some hyperinflation appears to be present . there are small calcified granulomas . the lungs are otherwise clear . the heart is normal . the mediastinum is normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection . lungs otherwise clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
stable appearance of lower cervical fusion xxxx . heart size normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no focal airspace disease . calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease . bony structures appear intact . <unk> of the thoracic spine .
heart size is unchanged . aortic calcification is noted . no pneumothorax . no large pleural effusions . there are unchanged xxxx opacities throughout the lungs which xxxx represent scarring . lungs are hyperexpanded .
heart size is normal . no pleural or focal airspace disease . bony structures are intact .
no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax . no focal areas of consolidation . heart size within normal limits . osseous structures intact .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace . no alveolar no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema . heart size within normal limits . no pneumothorax .
the both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
no focal or large pleural effusion identified . stable blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx xxxx due to pleural . redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified xxxx . changes in the lungs consistent with . cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable . no acute osseous abnormalities identified . opacity in the left apex consistent with <unk> change seen on the
heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal . external contour normal . lungs clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
normal cardiac contours . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . no focal lung consolidation .
heart size borderline mediastinal contours appear similar to the xxxx from xxxx xxxx noted . right hemidiaphragm eventration . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious bony opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax .
normal heart size . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the lungs clear clear . the heart pulmonary xxxx appear normal . the pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal . bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule .
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . calcified granuloma right midlung . no focal airspace or large pleural effusion . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
there are low lung volumes . heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . no focal air space or pleural effusion . mild thoracic spine degenerative change .
normal heart size and mediastinal contours . there are <unk> opacities in the medial right middle lobe with <unk> airway ectasia which obscures the right heart xxxx . this was present previously and is most compatible with <unk> . there is no xxxx focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . unremarkable xxxx .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the heart is normal size and contour . lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are hyperexpanded . scattered granuloma . no focal airspace disease . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
right paratracheal <unk> is <unk> and xxxx than normal . the xxxx are normal . heart size normal . lungs clear and expanded with no infiltrates .
postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib . residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe . the lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses . heart and mediastinum are normal .
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . normal xxxx .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . xxxx and curvilinear xxxx densities over the breast shadows compatible with <unk> .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm . degenerative changes are present in the spine .
heart size is normal . the lungs and costophrenic xxxx are clear . the bony thorax is grossly intact .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
heart size and mediastinal contours are normal . there is no pleural focal airspace consolidation .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta . there are chronic changes <unk> noted in the lung apices . the xxxx are mildly prominent but stable . no acute infiltrate is seen . there is no pleural effusion .
there are osteophytes . there calcified costochondral <unk> . there is loss of disc xxxx of a midthoracic vertebral body . there are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring . no pneumothorax . the heart is borderline enlarged .
heart size is near top normal limits for technique . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process .
aortic atherosclerotic calcifications . the lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace . no alveolar no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema . heart size within normal limits . no pneumothorax .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . there is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm . no pleural effusion is seen .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . the patient was <unk> .
the heart is mild cardiomegaly . aorta is tortuous . the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
hyperexpanded lungs . lungs are clear without focal or pneumothorax . normal heart size . multiple surgical clips overlie the <unk> .
atrial septal <unk> artifact . rotated frontal overall heart size within normal no typical findings of pulmonary edema . xxxx densities in the left small focal xxxx opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic xxxx . biapical <unk> irregularities most compatible with chronic appearing right rib contour deformity . no pneumothorax .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
no focal suspicious pulmonary pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal visualized osseous structures appear intact .
both lungs are clear and expanded . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart and mediastinum are normal .
stable position of right central venous catheter . interval removal of <unk> tube . heart size is normal . persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe . there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged . normal pulmonary vascularity .
there are osteophytes . there calcified costochondral <unk> . there is loss of disc xxxx of a midthoracic vertebral body . there are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring . no pneumothorax . the heart is borderline enlarged .
the heart is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
there is hyperinflation of the lungs but <unk> are clear . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal . there are bilateral breast prostheses .
the heart is again enlarged . aorta is tortuous . the lungs are hypoinflated but clear . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
the lungs are clear . no pleural effusion is seen . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal .
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette . lungs no airspace pleural or pneumothorax . no cardiopulmonary disease .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the posterior costophrenic xxxx are excluded on the lateral view . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal clips are unchanged . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are unchanged . no xxxx pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact .
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax is identified . no acute osseous abnormality identified .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no evidence of tuberculous disease . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
the heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . no acute bone abnormality .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . no evidence of abnormal <unk> foreign bodies .
low lung volumes . heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . no focal air space or pleural effusion . mild thoracic spine degenerative change .
there has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from xxxx . the cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged . pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural suggesting mild pulmonary edema . there is no focal airspace or large pleural effusion . descending thoracic aorta is tortuous . there are no acute bony findings
no interval change is <unk> in the bony thorax . the heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta . the pulmonary vasculature is not engorged . lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion . the fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no <unk> of the <unk> of
limited lateral projection . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . healed distal left <unk> fracture noted .
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding . sequela of prior granulomatous disease . otherwise lungs clear . heart size normal . stable severe xxxx deformity .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . mild levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
there are xxxx opacities in the left xxxx subsegmental atelectasis . xxxx opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal xxxx xxxx reflect epicardial fat xxxx and overlying breast tissue . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is at the upper limits of normal . there are diffuse degenerative changes
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
there are stable xxxx left upper lobe opacities . lungs otherwise appear clear . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is as is within normal limits .
aortic atherosclerotic calcifications . large hiatal hernia . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no focal opacity . cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax . mild dextrocurvature of the spine again noted .
the lungs clear and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits . mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta . xxxx sternotomy xxxx noted . inferior sternotomy xxxx is <unk> .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . <unk> bilateral lung nodules are present . these are seen diffusely throughout both lungs . no superimposed focal airspace disease is seen . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified . scoliosis is present .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
there is a calcified granuloma left midlung . there is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe . there are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . anterior segment of upper rounded focal density . could be xxxx lung nodule .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette . lungs no airspace pleural or pneumothorax . no cardiopulmonary disease .
there is bibasilar airspace disease . cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and stable . there is blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx unchanged xxxx scarring . no pneumothorax .
the heart is xxxx within normal limits in size given the low lung volumes an ap <unk> technique . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there is a num cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this exam . there is minimal left basilar xxxx opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis
status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg . heart size is normal . coronary vascular stent . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable . calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx . normal pulmonary vascularity . degenerative changes of the spine .
there is stable xxxx scarring or atelectasis in the left midlung . the lungs are otherwise grossly clear . the heart size is near the upper limits of normal . mediastinal silhouette is normal . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . xxxx osteophytes are noted .
heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity .
stable scarring near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect . lungs are otherwise clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
mediastinal contours are normal . lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
heart size low lung volumes . no pleural or focal airspace disease . bony structures appear intact .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
borderline enlarged heart . stable mediastinal contours . aortic xxxx calcifications . hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial compatible with emphysema . bilateral streaky opacities . increased vascularity compatible with pulmonary vascular congestion . no focal airspace disease . no acute bony abnormality .
heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are grossly intact .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and <unk> of the distal pulmonary vasculature . there is no focal consolidation . thoracic spondylosis .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
no focal lung consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . osseous structures are grossly intact .
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are normal .
heart size and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities noted . interval improvement in left base <unk> opacity . pulmonary vascular congestion again noted . stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette . stable left xxxx . no evidence of pneumothorax . no large pleural effusions .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are grossly clear .
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
there is bilateral lower lung airspace disease . there are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural left greater than right . there is no pneumothorax . mediastinal silhouette normal . calcified left hilar lymph xxxx .
heart size near top bilateral hilar fullness <unk> in mild aortic . diaphragm flattening and relative apical <unk> suggestive of xxxx and irregular interstitial right greater than left . prominent left epicardial fat no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . atrial septal <unk> artifact . mild spine curvature .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . mild pectus <unk> deformity is noted . the lungs are clear .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . cholecystectomy clips are present .
heart size and vascularity are normal . there is mild tortuosity of the aorta . no focal airspace disease or effusion . degenerative change of the spine . no pneumothorax .
the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size . pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber . there is mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine .
postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib . residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe . the lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses . heart and mediastinum are normal .
no acute osseous abnormality . no scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine . stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours . scattered bilateral granulomas . patchy left <unk> airspace opacity . bilateral small effusions .
xxxx diffuse right lower lobe airspace opacity is present . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal .
normal heart size . clear lungs . no large pleural effusion . no pneumothorax .
the lungs are clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no pleural effusion is identified .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm . degenerative changes are present in the spine .
cardiomegaly . bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusions .
the lungs are clear . heart size and pulmonary xxxx appear normal . the pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal . bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . there is stable xxxx scarring in the right upper lobe . lungs are otherwise clear . there is no xxxx focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . right remains in xxxx .
eventration of the left diaphragm is noted . question left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate . no evidence of pneumothorax . <unk> lung volumes . no definite pleural effusions . heart size within normal limits . osseous structures intact .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . mild scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted .
the heart size moderately stable mediastinal contours . lateral view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents . diaphragm eventration . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . no displaced rib fracture .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
num images . calcified right lung base . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified lymph xxxx are demonstrated in the left hilum . no focal pulmonary consolidation . diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial consistent with the history of known pulmonary with relative <unk> of the bilateral lung apices . no pneumothorax or large
no focal lung consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . osseous structures are grossly intact .
the heart size at the upper limits of normal . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . mild chronic degenerative changes are present within the thoracic spine .
there are low lung volumes . the cardiac upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute pulmonary pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
there is bilateral lower lung airspace disease . there are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural left greater than right . there is no pneumothorax . mediastinal silhouette normal . calcified left hilar lymph xxxx .
no pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . heart size within normal limits . cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear . bony structures appear intact .
num images . calcified right lung base . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the lungs are and without focal air space opacity . cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and and stable . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . emphysematous changes .
there are low volumes with bronchovascular crowding . no focal infiltrate or effusion . heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits . no displaced fracture identified .
there has been previous aortic valve replacement . heart is <unk> upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion . the skeletal structures are normal . the soft tissues are normal .
there is an <unk> opacity cm in the retrocardiac area on ap not on the lateral a <unk> xxxx scan is <unk> . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present . the heart is normal in size . no hilar lymphadenopathy . no destructive bony lesions .
the cardiac upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute air space pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal . lungs are clear . no effusions . no pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures unremarkable .
no pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . heart size within normal limits . cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear . bony structures appear intact .
heart size is normal . the lungs and costophrenic xxxx are clear . the bony thorax is grossly intact .
frontal two and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion .
the heart is clear . the and mediastinum appear normal . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
heart size and mediastinal contour normal . lungs are clear <unk> for residuals of prior granulomatous infection . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . calcified granuloma is identified .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
this study is limited by the patient body habitus . lungs appear to be clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal .
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . there is a mild anterior wedge xxxx deformity of .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . prominent left epicardial fat xxxx .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
no focal lung pleural effusion or pneumothorax . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable .
the lungs are clear . there is hyperinflation . calcification is seen over the anterior mediastinum xxxx a calcified lymph node at is not identified on the pa projection . the heart is normal . arthritic changes the spine are seen .
