the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact . stable calcified granuloma in the left lung .
consolidation is both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . there are osteophytes .
calcified left hilar lymph node . lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable .
normal heart size and mediastinal contours . clear lungs . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . unremarkable xxxx .
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact . left there is no . there are degenerative changes with medial compartment osteophytes . there is no <unk> effusion . there is a xxxx .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no discrete nodules or adenopathy identified .
the lungs appear clear . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal . patient status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is a region of left upper lobe perihilar opacity identified .
the lungs are hyperexpanded . no infiltrates or masses in the lungs . heart size normal . no change calcified left hilar xxxx and left small granuloma .
there are no acute osseous abnormalities . soft tissues are within normal limits . there is stable enlargement of the heart . calcific aorta . stable bilateral calcified granulomas . the lungs are clear bilaterally without focal area of pleural or pneumothorax .
ap and lateral views of the chest were obtained . the heart is normal size . mediastinum is unremarkable . lungs are hypoinflated but clear . no focal consolidation is seen .
the heart size and vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . there is mild prominence of the interstitial markings which are unchanged .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . biapical <unk> . hyperexpanded lungs without focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone . thoracic spondylosis .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette or normal in size and contour . there is no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no evidence of tuberculous disease . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . negative for or focal airspace consolidation . the lungs are normally aerated .
normal heart size and hilar vascular markings . evidence of prior granulomatous disease . the lungs are clear without focal area of pleural or pneumothorax . there are no acute osseous abnormalities present . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . the soft tissues are within normal limits .
the heart size is normal . lungs are clear . there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion . bony structures are within normal limits .
heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
lungs are clear . no focal or pneumothorax . heart and mediastinal contours are normal . osseous structures intact .
there are postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg . there is stable mild cardiomegaly . there are scattered xxxx of subsegmental decreased from the prior chest radiograph . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine .
heart size within normal limits . low lung volumes . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
no pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . there is a discrete cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe . the additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease . heart size normal . cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear . bony structures appear intact . right <unk> nipple <unk> .
heart size upper limits normal . pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal . no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . <unk> <unk> are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine . this could indicate diffuse <unk> skeletal <unk> . this is similar to prior <unk> .
no focal lung consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . osseous structures are grossly intact .
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
heart size near top normal limits for technique . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process .
there are low lung volumes . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
lungs are clear without focal or pneumothorax . normal heart size . bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable .
frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal . there is normal <unk> of the pulmonary vascularity . the lungs are clear . no or pneumothorax .
sequelae of old granulomatous disease is again noted . lungs are clear without focal air space disease . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
the trachea is midline . cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour .
heart size and mediastinal contour normal . no pleural or focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax .
the lungs are clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable . the lungs are clear without infiltrate . there is no effusion or pneumothorax .
no pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . heart size within normal limits . no pneumothorax .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is focal area of scarring or xxxx atelectasis identified in the lingula . the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . there is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm . no pleural effusion is seen .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . fractures of the posterior left and .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . vascular calcification is noted . no adenopathy is seen .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
heart size normal . prominent epicardial fat . lungs are clear . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal . there is normal <unk> of the pulmonary vascularity . the lungs are clear . no or pneumothorax .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal . incidental note xxxx of bilateral breast <unk> .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
there has been previous aortic valve replacement . heart is <unk> upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion . the skeletal structures are normal . the soft tissues are normal .
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits .
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits . no focal airspace pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities .
no focal consolidation . no visualized pneumothorax . no large pleural effusions . the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable .
there are persistent low lung volumes . there is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease . probable xxxx residual left pneumothorax . no large pleural effusion . stable cardiomediastinal contour . rib fractures are better appreciated on the xxxx chest comparison .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
the lungs are clear . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette .
heart size is normal . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute osseous findings .
normal heart size . the lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the trachea is midline and xxxx .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age .
several calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions . the trachea is midline . negative for pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . the heart size is normal .
lungs are clear . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
there are low lung volumes . the lungs are otherwise clear . no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion . calcific density in the right lung compatible with calcified granuloma .
two nodules are noted in the right xxxx xxxx measuring num mm and one measuring num mm in diameter . the smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large xxxx appears to be within the left lower lobe . no focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified . if a <unk> evaluation reveals
lungs are clear without focal or pneumothorax . normal heart size . bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable .
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . normal xxxx .
the lungs are clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
heart size normal . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta . there are chronic changes <unk> noted in the lung apices . the xxxx are mildly prominent but stable . no acute infiltrate is seen . there is no pleural effusion .
lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
lung lines remain low . no focal infiltrates are identified . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal .
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show <unk> lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis . no definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion . the cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged .
the heart size and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . the lungs are clear bilaterally . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no bony or soft tissue abnormalities .
the trachea is midline . cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged from prior examination . there are round calcific densities in the right lung consistent with prior granulomatous disease . the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal .
normal heart size is mildly enlarged . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age .
the chest examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are again seen . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable . lungs are clear . no focal or pleural effusion identified . xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable .
the lungs are clear . heart size and mediastinal contours are normal . no osseous abnormalities .
normal heart size . the pulmonary vascularity . no focal airspace or pleural effusion . the previously identified .
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits . there are low lung volumes with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis . no focal airspace effusions or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . cholecystectomy clips are present .
no trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination . lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
heart and mediastinum within normal limits . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size of the cardiac silhouette . normal mediastinal pulmonary xxxx and central airways and lung volumes . no pleural effusion .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are normal .
there is mild similar to prior <unk> . no focal consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
lungs are clear bilaterallythere is no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . xxxx are unremarkable .
low lung volumes heart size normal . no pleural or focal airspace disease . bony structures appear intact . left humeral head bone <unk> .
there is stable picc with tip at the caval atrial junction . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable . there is no focal airspace opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . stable <unk> segment catheter tubing overlying the left xxxx to <unk> within anterior chest soft tissues on <unk> chest soft
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax is identified . no acute osseous abnormality identified .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact .
no pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . heart size within normal limits . cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear . bony structures appear intact .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
heart and cardiomediastinal contours are normal . no focal consolidation . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormalities .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . scoliosis .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar right greater than left . bronchovascular <unk> central vascular <unk> . no findings to suggest pleural effusion . <unk> for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures intact .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
there are osteophytes . small nodule projecting near the left heart xxxx is unchanged from xxxx and appears calcified . this xxxx represents a calcified granuloma . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
cardiac and and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures intact .
normal heart size and mediastinal contours . no abnormal airspace opacities . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance .
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are clear without focal or pleural effusion . bony thorax is unremarkable .
heart size near top bilateral hilar fullness <unk> in mild aortic . diaphragm flattening and relative apical <unk> suggestive of xxxx and irregular interstitial right greater than left . prominent left epicardial fat no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . atrial septal <unk> artifact . mild spine curvature .
lungs are clear . heart size normal . the xxxx are unremarkable .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
the cardiac silhouette and upper mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pulmonary venous congestion . there is prominence of the pulmonary right greater than left . there is no acute air space pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . normal xxxx .
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary large pleural or pneumothorax is identified . visualized osseous structures appear intact . mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint and thoracic spine degenerative changes are noted .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
the lungs are clear . there is no pneumonia . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours appear normal . bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule .
heart size upper limits of normal . vascularity <unk> breast <unk> obscure some <unk> . lungs are clear . vascular calcifications aorta . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
heart size normal . no focal airspace pleural or pulmonary edema . no focal bony abnormality .
the lungs are grossly clear without focal <unk> large effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
given differences in patient heart size and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged . lungs appear clear without focal consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax . stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with scattered xxxx deformities . stable postsurgical changes of the left shoulder and marked degenerative changes of the right shoulder .
dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine . clear lungs bilaterally . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormalities .
no pleural alveolar no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . there is a thin right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately num mm in <unk> . there is extensive subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall and neck . there are fractures of the right anterior through anterior ribs with mild displacement . additional fractures cannot <unk> be xxxx
there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures are intact .
frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal . there is normal <unk> of the pulmonary vascularity . the lungs are clear . no or pneumothorax .
the heart and both lungs have xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
no pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . heart size within normal limits . cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear . bony structures appear intact .
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . lungs are clear bilaterally . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no bony or soft tissue abnormalities .
heart and mediastinum within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax .
the heart is normal in size . the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance . no focal air space pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities .
there are low lung volumes . the cardiac upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute pulmonary pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
heart and both lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
no low lung volumes . no focal or pneumothorax . normal heart size . bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable .
clear lungs bilaterally with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality .
the heart is normal in size . the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance . no focal air space opacities . no pleural effusions or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
negative for cardiac enlargement . negative for vascular congestion . there are several small <unk> opacities in the right upper some of which are centrally lucent . negative for bony abnormality .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and <unk> of the distal pulmonary vasculature . there is no focal consolidation . thoracic spondylosis .
heart size is within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified .
heart size and the minimal biapical scarring . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . stable postoperative and degenerative changes of the xxxx . stable degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine .
both lungs are clear and expanded . an old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe . heart and mediastinum normal .
no focal suspicious pulmonary pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal visualized osseous structures appear intact .
low lung volumes bilaterally . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
the heart size is prominent left ventricular contour . unfolding of the thoracic aorta . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . calcified granuloma is identified .
mediastinal contours are within normal limits . heart size is within normal limits . no focal pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no bony abnormality . vague density in right mid xxxx related to <unk> tip and superimposed ribs . not visualized on lateral exam .
heart size is normal in cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . there is no focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
right lower lobe patchy opacities noted . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are grossly intact .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
stable appearing bilateral calcified lymph xxxx . the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . no focal opacity . no large pleural effusion . there is no pneumothorax .
both lungs are clear and expanded with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . apparent nodular opacity on lateral <unk> is xxxx to represent <unk> of overlapping silhouettes . negative for acute bone abnormality .
the heart and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . mild degenerative changes are present in the spine .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there is no pulmonary nodule identified . there is a left humerus <unk> partly demonstrated .
no focal lung pleural bilaterally . no pneumothorax or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality .
cardiomegaly pericardial effusion . right base opacity xxxx <unk> of pleural effusion and disease . cannot exclude elevation right hemidiaphragm . left lung relatively clear . limited exam due to <unk> technique related to large patient habitus . no evidence of pneumothorax .
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette . aortic xxxx . pulmonary <unk> are within normal limits . central airways are xxxx . no focal pleural effusion or pneumothorax . bony <unk> are grossly unremarkable .
calcified mediastinal xxxx . no focal areas of consolidation . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . degenerative changes thoracic spine .
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration . mildly tortuous thoracic aorta . the lungs are well aerated . there is no pleural or focal air space consolidation . mild elevation right hemidiaphragm .
there has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from xxxx . the cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged . pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural suggesting mild pulmonary edema . there is no focal airspace or large pleural effusion . descending thoracic aorta is tortuous . there are no acute bony findings
low lung volumes with <unk> appearance of the xxxx normal heart size . negative for or pneumothorax . bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable .
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . lungs are hyperexpanded . minimal xxxx scarring in both lower lobes . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits . stable mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta .
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are hyperexpanded but clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is stable . there is again biapical scarring . small stable calcified left lower lobe granuloma . the lungs are otherwise clear .
lucency <unk> the left posterior rib . visualized <unk> of the thoracic spine are unremarkable . mediastinal contours are normal . lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
lung volumes remain xxxx . xxxx opacities are present in both lower lobes . old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal .
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette . no airspace pleural or pneumothorax . no cardiopulmonary disease .
lungs are clear bilaterallythere is no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . xxxx are unremarkable .
sequelae of old granulomatous disease . lungs are clear without focal airspace disease . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
the heart size is low . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
the the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . no evidence of abnormal <unk> foreign bodies .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is a focal area of scarring or xxxx atelectasis identified in the lingula . the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid svc . there is no pneumothorax . heart size is normal . no large pleural effusions . no acute focal airspace opacification .
heart size borderline mediastinal contours appear similar to the xxxx from xxxx xxxx noted . right hemidiaphragm eventration . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are again seen . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified lymph xxxx are demonstrated in the left hilum . no focal pulmonary consolidation . diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial consistent with the history of known pulmonary with relative <unk> of the bilateral lung apices . no pneumothorax or large
right lower lobe patchy opacities noted . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
mild cardiomegaly . tortuous aorta . no focal infiltrate . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left .
the heart size is upper limits of normal . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a <unk> pneumonia .
heart size and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size and lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are clear without focal or pleural effusion . bony thorax is unremarkable .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no evidence of tuberculous disease . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
central venous catheter tip in the right atrium . heart size and shape are normal . trachea and xxxx <unk> appear normal . the lungs are <unk> well expanded . there xxxx and patchy nodular densities in both lower lung xxxx more marked on the right than the left . there is scattered areas of <unk> wall in the left
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . there is bilateral without focal or pleural effusion . visualized osseous structures appear intact .
stable enlargement of the cardiac lateral view <unk> fissural thickening . interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute osseous findings .
the lungs are clear . there appear to be small bilateral pleural effusions . the heart is not grossly enlarged . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta . increased kyphosis is seen in the may be a thoracic xxxx deformity that is not . arthritic changes are seen .
low lung volumes with <unk> appearance of the xxxx normal heart size . negative for or pneumothorax . bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable .
the lungs are clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no pleural effusion is identified .
the lungs appear clear . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . the pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal .
there are mild increased interstitial opacities most prominent in the lung bases . heart size is large . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . lungs are mildly hyperexpanded but clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . degenerative changes are seen in the spine .
there is mild similar to prior <unk> . no focal consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
there is mild similar to prior <unk> . no focal consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
heart size moderately enlarged . mild left costophrenic xxxx blunting . streaky and patchy bibasilar left greater than right . right hemidiaphragm eventration noted . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
frontal and cardiac contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting <unk> the mediastinum . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
heart bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination . lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
there is widening of the mediastinum . there is moderate cardiomegaly identified . the central pulmonary xxxx appear enlarged . correlate for pulmonary vascular congestion . no focal infiltrate . no large effusion or pneumothorax .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine . stent is noted in the abdomen . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified granuloma are noted .
there are xxxx sternotomy xxxx identified . the heart is within normal limits in size . the aorta is calcified and tortuous . there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lungs . no focal pleural or pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
no focal lung consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . osseous structures are grossly intact .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are grossly unremarkable . unchanged degenerative changes to the thoracic spine .
the heart is not enlarged . the central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . small right <unk> opacity may represent infiltrate . lungs are otherwise well aerated .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal . the lungs are clear . there is no evidence of pleural effusion . postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine .
internal jugular central venous catheter with tip <unk> the right atrium . postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy xxxx . left base opacities again stable . there is a left lung not well appreciated on prior . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . low lung volumes . degenerative changes thoracic spine .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal . the lungs are clear . there is no evidence of pleural effusion . postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . no evidence of abnormal <unk> foreign bodies .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
lungs remain hyperexpanded . no change in the right middle lobe opacification . no xxxx infiltrates or masses . pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . the patient was <unk> .
there postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg . there is stable mild cardiomegaly . there are scattered xxxx of subsegmental decreased from the prior chest radiograph . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine .
chest . normal heart size . mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . no focal infiltrates or masses . no pneumothorax or visible pleural fluid . no free intraperitoneal air in the diaphragm . osseous structures unremarkable . there are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest <unk> . no levels or free intraperitoneal air . no suspicious calcifications . there is
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
lungs are clear . no focal infiltrate or effusion . no pneumothorax . heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits . visualized osseous structures intact .
the lungs are clear . no pleural effusion is seen . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal .
mild cardiomegaly . changes of chronic lung disease . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . accentuated thoracic kyphosis .
the lungs are clear . there is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema . the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal . pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal .
num images . small centrally calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base . otherwise the lungs are clear . heart size is normal . no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . the lungs are clear bilaterally . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no bony or soft tissue abnormalities .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are clear without focal or pleural effusion . bony thorax is unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . no acute osseus abnormality .
xxxx opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse xxxx compared to prior study . lung volumes are low . heart size and pulmonary xxxx are normal . there no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia . the patient is status post xxxx sternotomy . there calcifications of the thoracic aorta .
normal heart size . the lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the trachea is midline and xxxx .
heart size is moderately enlarged . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity xxxx demonstrated on the lateral study . there is a fracture of superior sternotomy xxxx unchanged .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
frontal two and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . the cardiac silhouette remains <unk> enlarged . there is aortic xxxx vascular calcification . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . pectus <unk> is noted . calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . mild xxxx deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine .
the heart is normal in size . the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance . no focal air space opacities . no pleural effusions or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities .
xxxx sternotomy xxxx remain in xxxx . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
heart size and mediastinal contours are unremarkable . there is no pleural focal airspace consolidation .
the heart is mildly enlarged . the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm . there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis possible infiltrate . increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct . the study is limited secondary to moderate xxxx motion . underlying emphysematous changes .
the both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are hypoinflated but clear .
there is mild <unk> in the right base . no focal infiltrate or effusion . no pneumothorax . calcified granulomatous disease noted . heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits . osseous structures intact .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . there are low lung causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding . there is a xxxx opacity in the left lingula . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
there are stable and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . heart size within normal limits for no typical mediastinal widening of vascular injury . no pleural line of pneumothorax .
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette . normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways . no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion .
no the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . the left hemidiaphragm is elevated . this is unchanged . no focal airspace disease is seen . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted . there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
no focal pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal no mediastinal widening <unk> in appearance of vascular injury . right paratracheal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process . no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration . pulmonary vasculature within normal limits . the lungs are . there is no pleural or focal consolidation .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
mediastinal contours are normal . xxxx opacity in the left lung xxxx scarring . lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
both lungs remain clear and expanded . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . no change in the large <unk> hernia .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . hyperexpanded lungs without focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . right chest wall surgical compatible with prior <unk> . negative for acute bone abnormality .
chronic bilateral emphysematous changes . the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . there are xxxx multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
the lungs are clear . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine .
both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal .
normal heart size . normal mediastinal silhouette . no pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity .
the lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . calcified granuloma is identified . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen .
the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal . the lungs are clear . there is no evidence of pleural effusion .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are mildly without evidence of focal airspace or pleural effusion . incidental note is xxxx of an azygos fissure . there are no acute bony findings .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . no evidence of abnormal <unk> foreign bodies .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination . lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
the heart heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine . stent is noted in the abdomen . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified granuloma are noted .
no focal or pleural effusion identified . there is a cm nodular opacity within the right which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy . scattered calcified granulomas also seen . heart size is upper limit normal . no acute bony abnormality .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal . the lungs are grossly clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart is top normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . the lungs are grossly clear . bilateral rib deformities are possibly old fractures . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . the patient was <unk> .
unchanged cardiomegaly . negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation . no large effusion . mildly prominent interstitial opacities .
the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting <unk> the mediastinum . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
<unk> . <unk> over the mid abdomen there are multiple dilated loops of small bowel measuring the xxxx of which <unk> <unk> to <unk> cm in diameter . there is also an <unk> dilated xxxx in the <unk> region which measures cm in diameter . there is extensive soft tissue <unk> . prior abdominal surgery . chest . there is
no pleural effusion or airspace consolidation . cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits . pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact .
xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal clips are unchanged . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are unchanged . no xxxx pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged .
normal cardiac contours . clear lung xxxx bilaterally . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
heart size size at the upper limits of normal . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged . again noted is tortuosity and unfolding of the thoracic aorta . aortic vascular calcifications . normal pulmonary vascularity . bone demineralization .
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease . there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine .
cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates normal heart size with tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta . no focal or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality identified . multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine noted .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . slight thoracolumbar curvature is noted .
lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is within normal limits . there is retrocardiac density which xxxx <unk> to known hiatal hernia . the lungs are hypoinflated . no focal consolidation is seen .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious bony opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax .
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are clear without focal or pleural effusion . bony thorax is unremarkable .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion .
the lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . calcified granuloma is identified . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen .
this is an apical lordotic view the chest . heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
xxxx sternotomy xxxx remain in xxxx . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
low lung volumes . question patchy opacity left base . no pneumothorax . osseous structures intact . small right effusion .
normal heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are hyperexpanded . no focal airspace disease . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . exaggerated kyphosis .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the tracheostomy tube tip is num cm above the <unk> . there are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial stable from prior radiographs . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits . there are mild degenerative changes of the spine .
<unk> attenuation obscures <unk> . the lungs are clear and expanded . heart is large . pulmonary xxxx are normal .
lung volumes are mildly low . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size contour . no consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . mild degenerative disc change at the thoracic no xxxx deformity .
right paratracheal <unk> is <unk> and xxxx than normal . the xxxx are normal . heart size normal . lungs clear and expanded with no infiltrates .
the heart and mediastinal contours are stable . the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
cardiomegaly . lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there is mild scoliosis .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine . stent is noted in the abdomen . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified granuloma are noted .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
num images . moderate thoracic similar to prior <unk> . heart size is stable . no focal airspace consolidation is seen within the lungs . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
the cardiac contours are normal . aorta is tortuous . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis .
there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures are intact .
the pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not <unk> seen . the lungs are otherwise clear . heart size normal . no pneumothorax . there is a right chest xxxx with tip projecting over the lower svc .
elevated right hemidiaphragm . clear lungs . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart size is upper limits of normal with tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta . <unk> changes within the spine . in the upper lumbar spine there is an wedge xxxx of a vertebral body .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated .
moderate cardiomegaly . bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusions .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
the heart is again enlarged . there is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature . mild diffuse interstitial opacities predominantly in the with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . cholecystectomy clips are present .
rotated apical lordotic frontal mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings . no definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen . <unk> for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal <unk> calcified and mildly tortuous aorta . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
heart size is mildly enlarged but stable . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age .
heart size within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . mild levocurvature of thoracic spine . a num mm pulmonary nodule is noted partially overlying the posterior right rib on the frontal view .
left lower lobe calcified granuloma . heart size normal . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . mild medial right atelectasis . mild emphysema .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination . lungs are without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation . stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic stable mediastinal contours . no definite pleural effusion no typical findings of pulmonary edema . <unk> spine <unk> and marginal osteophytes again noted .
the heart is not enlarged . the central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . small right <unk> opacity may represent infiltrate . lungs are otherwise well aerated .
no focal or pleural effusion identified . there is a cm nodular opacity within the right which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy . scattered calcified granulomas also seen . heart size is upper limit normal . no acute bony abnormality .
heart size is normal . cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour . the lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no pulmonary nodules . bony structures are intact .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . the aorta is atherosclerotic . there are emphysematous changes with increased interstitial <unk> in the <unk> and lung bases . the lungs are clear of focal infiltrates . there is no pleural effusion .
there are changes of xxxx sternotomy and cabg . heart size is within normal limits . no focal airspace pleural effusions or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone . thoracic spondylosis .
heart size is moderately enlarged . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity xxxx demonstrated on the lateral study . there is a fracture of superior sternotomy xxxx unchanged .
frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal . there is normal <unk> of the pulmonary vascularity . the lungs are clear . no or pneumothorax .
stable enlargement of the cardiac stable mediastinal and hilar surgical clips and cabg markers . stable xxxx densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
heart size within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified .
heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph xxxx . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity .
cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates normal heart size with tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta . no focal or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality identified . multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine noted .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are clear without focal or pleural effusion . bony thorax is unremarkable .
heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated and clear . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age .
the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting <unk> the mediastinum . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact .
heart size moderately enlarged . mild left costophrenic xxxx blunting . streaky and patchy bibasilar left greater than right . right hemidiaphragm eventration noted . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . there is a calcified density in the left mid most xxxx a calcified granuloma . lungs are otherwise without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no evidence of tuberculous disease . there is no pneumothorax . the bony structures show no acute abnormalities .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated .
the heart appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . calcified granuloma is identified . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . right basilar calcified granuloma noted . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
both lungs remain hyperexpanded . no xxxx focal infiltrates . a small pleural or collection is xxxx present in the right apex . it has decreased <unk> since the previous examination . heart size remains normal .
no focal suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits . stable mediastinal contour . calcified hilar lymph xxxx . visualized osseous structures unremarkable .
the heart size is normal . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits . the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates . there are no nodules or masses . no visible pneumothorax . no visible pleural fluid . the xxxx are grossly normal . there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm .
heart size moderately enlarged . mild left costophrenic xxxx blunting . streaky and patchy bibasilar left greater than right . right hemidiaphragm eventration noted . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged . there is a moderate hiatal hernia . the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate . no effusion or pneumothorax .
no pleural effusion or airspace consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits . xxxx xxxx are intact .
heart size within normal limits . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . the xxxx are unremarkable .
there are a few small nodular opacities in the left xxxx seen on the frontal view overlying the left posterior rib . lungs otherwise appear clear . no focal airspace consolidation . no overt pulmonary edema . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits . calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are
unchanged cardiomegaly . negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation . no large effusion . mildly prominent interstitial opacities .
the heart size and the lungs have xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
trachea is midline . the cardio mediastinal silhouette is normal in contour with overlying sternotomy xxxx . the lungs are clear without acute effusion or pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no fractures or dislocations .
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal pleural or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable .
on the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space <unk> throughout . osteophyte formation is present with some sclerosis and <unk> <unk> formation <unk> along the superior <unk> and femoral head . <unk> <unk> not <unk> evidence for fracture or destructive process . ap view of the <unk> shows no femoral xxxx destructive process or other <unk>
the cardiomediastinal silhouette frontal and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable . heart size is upper limit of normal . lung xxxx are clear . no effusion or pneumothorax . calcified lymph xxxx stable from prior exam .
the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . the xxxx are unremarkable .
the heart size and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . left hemidiaphragm is elevated . this is unchanged . no focal airspace disease is seen . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted . there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm .
lungs are clear without focal lungs . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine .
the cardiac upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute air space pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
no interval change is <unk> in the bony thorax . the heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta . the pulmonary vasculature is not engorged . lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion . the fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no <unk> of the <unk> of
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute osseous findings .
lungs are hyperexpanded . there is a large rounded lucency in the right upper xxxx large emphysematous xxxx . there are xxxx biapical xxxx scarring . no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia . there is no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . normal heart size . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
aorta is ectatic . heart size is within normal limits . no focal pneumothorax or pleural effusion . anterior wedging deformity of lower thoracic vertebra .
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact .
there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures are intact .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size of the cardiac silhouette . normal mediastinal pulmonary xxxx and central airways and lung volumes . no pleural effusion .
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are without focal or pleural effusion . grossly unchanged appearance of calcified hilar lymph xxxx and scattered calcified granulomas . stable degenerative changes in the spine .
similar mild cardiomegaly . of the pulmonary vascularity is prominent . no focal consolidations or effusions . no pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality .
both lungs are clear and expanded . no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations . heart and mediastinum remain normal .
redemonstration of interstitial consistent with history of pulmonary fibrosis . unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right and in the <unk> region . no pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . cardiomediastinal size is the upper limits of normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact .
a calcified granuloma is present in the right costophrenic xxxx . lungs are otherwise clear . heart size normal .
lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . left basilar airspace opacities . the heart size is normal .
lung volumes are low . in the a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right lower lobe . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal .
heart size within normal limits and negative for focal pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
frontal two and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . the cardiac silhouette remains <unk> enlarged . there is aortic xxxx vascular calcification . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion .
no pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no free subdiaphragmatic air .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
the heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine .
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour .
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette . normal mediastinal pulmonary xxxx and central airways and lung volumes . no pleural effusion . there are right upper quadrant surgical <unk> from cholecystectomy .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are mildly without evidence of focal airspace or pleural effusion . incidental note is xxxx of an azygos fissure . there are no acute bony findings .
the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are without evidence of focal consolidations or pleural effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
heart and mediastinum are clear . negative for pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
some hyperinflation appears to be present . there are small calcified granulomas . the lungs are otherwise clear . the heart is normal . the mediastinum is normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal .
lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality .
there are osteophytes . small nodule projecting near the left heart xxxx is unchanged from xxxx and appears calcified . this xxxx represents a calcified granuloma . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation .
stable appearance of lower cervical fusion xxxx . heart size normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no focal airspace disease . calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease . bony structures appear intact . <unk> of the thoracic spine .
heart size at the upper limits of normal . there are scattered calcified granulomas . no focal airspace large or <unk> pneumothorax . unfolded to descending aorta . calcified aortic xxxx . xxxx curvature of the thoracic spine . exaggerated kyphosis . xxxx are diffusely osteopenic . multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with minimal anterior xxxx loss of
num images . small centrally calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base . otherwise the lungs are clear . heart size is normal . no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
normal heart . no focal lung pleural effusions . no pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
lungs mildly hyperinflated with flattened posterior diaphragm . no alveolar no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema . heart size within normal limits . no pneumothorax .
the both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
no focal or large pleural effusion identified . stable blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx xxxx due to pleural . redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified xxxx . changes in the lungs consistent with . cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable . no acute osseous abnormalities identified . opacity in the left apex consistent with <unk> change seen on the
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
lungs are clear . no focal or pneumothorax . heart and mediastinal contours are normal . osseous structures intact .
normal heart size . stable tortuous aorta . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no suspicious focal air space opacities . levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine . hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes . prior granulomatous disease .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious bony opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax .
normal heart size . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no nodules or masses .
the lungs clear . the heart size and pulmonary xxxx appear normal . the pleural spaces are clear . there is xxxx minimal sclerotic change overlying the midthoracic spine the lateral view . <unk> <unk> this is a pulmonary finding or skeletal finding . bone scan would be <unk> to evaluate for <unk> disease . the mediastinal contours are normal
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . calcified granuloma right midlung . no focal airspace or large pleural effusion . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine .
low lung volumes . heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . no focal air space or pleural effusion . mild thoracic spine degenerative change .
cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable . stable eventration of the right hemidiaphragm . there is redemonstration without significant interval change of mild subsegmental atelectasis of the left base . pneumonia seen on ct examination <unk> xxxx seen on prior chest is not seen <unk> on xxxx chest .
the heart is top normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . the aorta is atherosclerotic . xxxx opacities are noted in the lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis . there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the heart is normal and mediastinum . lungs are clear without infiltrate . there is no effusion or pneumothorax .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are hyperexpanded . scattered granuloma . no focal airspace disease . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
xxxx xxxx and lateral views of the chest were obtained . heart size is upper limits of normal . mediastinum is unremarkable . low lung volumes . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . bony structures are intact .
lateral over the there is a diameter <unk> nodule of uncertain <unk> . the trachea is midline . negative for pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . the heart size is normal . mild tortuosity aorta is redemonstrated .
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . normal xxxx .
the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . xxxx and curvilinear xxxx densities over the breast shadows compatible with <unk> .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm . degenerative changes are present in the spine .
heart size is normal . the lungs and costophrenic xxxx are clear . the bony thorax is grossly intact .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . xxxx are grossly unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta . there are chronic changes <unk> noted in the lung apices . the xxxx are mildly prominent but stable . no acute infiltrate is seen . there is no pleural effusion .
the heart is mildly enlarged . the aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic . chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base . no focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified . costophrenic xxxx are blunted .
rotated apical lordotic frontal mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings . no definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen . <unk> for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal <unk> calcified and mildly tortuous aorta . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour .
the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . there is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm . no pleural effusion is seen .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the heart is stable compared to the previous exam . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural or focal airspace disease . the xxxx are unremarkable .
hyperexpanded lungs . lungs are clear without focal or pneumothorax . normal heart size . multiple surgical clips overlie the <unk> .
atrial septal <unk> artifact . rotated frontal overall heart size within normal no typical findings of pulmonary edema . xxxx densities in the left small focal xxxx opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic xxxx . biapical <unk> irregularities most compatible with chronic appearing right rib contour deformity . no pneumothorax .
both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
heart size within normal stable mediastinal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
no focal suspicious pulmonary pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal visualized osseous structures appear intact .
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable . there is no focal airspace opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no acute bony abnormality is identified .
stable position of right central venous catheter . interval removal of <unk> tube . heart size is normal . persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe . there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged . normal pulmonary vascularity .
there are osteophytes . there calcified costochondral <unk> . there is loss of disc xxxx of a midthoracic vertebral body . there are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring . no pneumothorax . the heart is borderline enlarged .
the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion . there is an obliquely oriented xxxx lucency through the posterior right rib .
there is hyperinflation of the lungs but <unk> are clear . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal . there are bilateral breast prostheses .
the heart is again enlarged . aorta is tortuous . the lungs are hypoinflated but clear . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal .
normal cardiac and central pulmonary vasculature . interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper concerning for underlying pneumonia . stable mild <unk> chronic interstitial changes . no evidence of associated pleural effusion or pneumothorax . multilevel midthoracic degenerative with prominent <unk> marginal osteophytes .
the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the posterior costophrenic xxxx are excluded on the lateral view . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable .
heart size normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity . no overt edema .
sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal clips are unchanged . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are unchanged . no xxxx pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged .
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration . the lungs are well aerated . no pleural or focal air space consolidation .
heart mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal pleural or pneumothorax is identified . no acute osseous abnormality identified .
the lungs are clear . no pleural effusion is seen . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal .
the heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate remote bilateral rib fractures without acute abnormality .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . lungs are without focal areas of consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . no acute bone abnormality .
cardiac mediastinal and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal suspicious pulmonary pleural or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . no evidence of abnormal <unk> foreign bodies .
low lung volumes . heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . no focal air space or pleural effusion . mild thoracic spine degenerative change .
there has been previous aortic valve replacement . heart is <unk> upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion . the skeletal structures are normal . the soft tissues are normal .
no interval change is <unk> in the bony thorax . the heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta . the pulmonary vasculature is not engorged . lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion . the fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no <unk> of the <unk> of
limited lateral projection . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . healed distal left <unk> fracture noted .
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show <unk> lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis . no definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion . the cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no interval change in the appearance of the xxxx opacities in the bilateral lower lobes . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . the thoracic spine appears intact .
there are xxxx opacities in the left xxxx subsegmental atelectasis . xxxx opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal xxxx xxxx reflect epicardial fat xxxx and overlying breast tissue . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is at the upper limits of normal . there are diffuse degenerative changes
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . the lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact . left there is no . there are degenerative changes with medial compartment osteophytes . there is no <unk> effusion . there is a xxxx .
there are stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx identified . the heart is within normal limits in size . the aorta is calcified and tortuous . there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lungs . no focal pleural or pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine .
there has been interval cabg . sternotomy and xxxx <unk> xxxx appear intact . no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine . visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance . atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality .
the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
normal heart size and mediastinal contours . no abnormal airspace opacities or large cavitary lung lesions . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance .
the lungs clear and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits . mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta . xxxx sternotomy xxxx noted . inferior sternotomy xxxx is <unk> .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
there is a calcified granuloma left midlung . there is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe . there are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . anterior segment of upper rounded focal density . could be xxxx lung nodule .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
there has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from xxxx . the cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged . pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural suggesting mild pulmonary edema . there is no focal airspace or large pleural effusion . descending thoracic aorta is tortuous . there are no acute bony findings
the heart size is upper limits of normal . there is a moderate hiatal hernia . the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted .
the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there is a num cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this exam . there is minimal left basilar xxxx opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis
the aortic cardiac and stomach are . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is significantly enlarged . pulmonary vascular markings centrally are within normal limits and symmetric . increased interstitial markings bilaterally at the lung bases . this may be related to chronic interstitial changes or edema . no focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality
right mid lung nodule stable etiology not <unk> . this is and is stable since a ct examination from xxxx and is xxxx <unk> etiology . the lungs are well inflated and without focal consolidation . the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable . costophrenic xxxx clear . visualized spine <unk> appear normal in xxxx and alignment . overlying leads . overlying
the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion .
hyperexpansion of the lungs and flattening of the diaphragm consistent with copd . no focal lung consolidation . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . there is a kyphosis and osteopenia of the thoracic spine . no displaced rib fractures .
low lung volumes . cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . calcified bilateral hilar lymph greater on the left . no acute osseous findings .
low lung volumes . heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . no focal air space or pleural effusion . osseous structures are intact .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
moderate cardiomegaly with <unk> severe mediastinal contours . been sternotomy xxxx noted . no pneumothorax . no large pleural effusions . no focal lung consolidation .
heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . lungs are clear without focal airspace pleural or pneumothorax . osseous structures are grossly intact .
the cardiac contours are normal . there is no pneumothorax . there is no large pleural effusion . there is no focal consolidation .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal consolidation . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no bony abnormalities .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear .
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are normal .
heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities noted . interval improvement in left base <unk> opacity . pulmonary vascular congestion again noted . stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette . stable left xxxx . no evidence of pneumothorax . no large pleural effusions .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are grossly clear .
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax .
there are bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally . there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the xxxx are unremarkable . there is an <unk> xxxx overlying left upper quadrant .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the heart is not enlarged . the central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . small right <unk> opacity may represent infiltrate . lungs are otherwise well aerated .
cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated .
there are osteophytes . there calcified costochondral <unk> . there is loss of disc xxxx of a midthoracic vertebral body . there are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring . no pneumothorax . the heart is borderline enlarged .
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . extensive degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . mildly enlarged heart . tortuous aorta . aortic calcifications . no focal area of pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
well <unk> num mm right upper lobe unchanged appearance from previous examination num <unk> <unk> . the trachea is midline . negative for pleural effusion . the heart size is normal . redemonstrated <unk> .
no acute osseous abnormality . stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours . no focal area of pleural or pneumothorax .
the heart size is moderate to <unk> enlarged . there is prominence of the central pulmonary xxxx suggesting pulmonary artery <unk> . there has been removal of the picc line . there is persistent left basilar airspace opacity with left costophrenic xxxx blunting which is not <unk> on the lateral exam . there are mild degenerative changes of the right
calcified left lower lobe granuloma . no focal areas of consolidation . no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax . degenerative changes noted of the thoracic spine .
the trachea is midline . negative for pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . the heart size is normal .
the heart size is normal . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there are mild degenerative changes of the spine . there are extensive vascular calcifications . there is a left midlung calcified granuloma . there
cardiomegaly . interstitial opacities consistent with edema in the lower lobes . no pneumothorax . no large pleural effusion .
the lungs are clear . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion .
the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the xxxx are unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . there is stable xxxx scarring in the right upper lobe . lungs are otherwise clear . there is no xxxx focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . left is in xxxx . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . right upper lobe area of dense opacity is seen in the medial right apex . on a previous outside xxxx scan the right upper lobe was <unk> . comparison to the xxxx xxxx from that is
low lung volumes are present . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . bandlike opacities are present in the right lung . appearance suggest atelectasis . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen .
the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . mild scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted .
the heart size moderately stable mediastinal contours . lateral view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents . diaphragm eventration . no focal alveolar no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings .
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . there is no focal air space pleural or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine .
the lungs are clear bilaterally . no evidence of focal or pleural effusion . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality .
num images . calcified right lung base . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show <unk> lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis . no definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion . the cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged .
no focal lung consolidation . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . osseous structures are grossly intact .
mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance . pulmonary vascular is unremarkable . lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease . negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion . limited evaluation of the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact .
there are low lung volumes . the cardiac upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute pulmonary pleural effusion or pneumothorax .
there is bilateral lower lung airspace disease . there are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural left greater than right . there is no pneumothorax . mediastinal silhouette normal . calcified left hilar lymph xxxx .
no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax .
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette . normal mediastinal pulmonary xxxx and central airways and lung volumes . no pleural effusion . there are right upper quadrant surgical <unk> from cholecystectomy .
the lungs are and without focal air space opacity . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and and stable . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion .
heart size is within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine .
there are low volumes with bronchovascular crowding . no focal infiltrate or effusion . heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits . no displaced fracture identified .
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . the cardiac silhouette remains moderately exaggerated by epicardial fat <unk> . <unk> is xxxx prominent . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion . there is xxxx spine spondylosis .
there is an <unk> opacity cm in the retrocardiac area on ap not on the lateral a <unk> xxxx scan is <unk> . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present . the heart is normal in size . no hilar lymphadenopathy . no destructive bony lesions .
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen .
there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures are intact .
heart size is normal . the lungs and costophrenic xxxx are clear . the bony thorax is grossly intact .
num images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal pleural or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings .
the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal .
no pleural effusion or airspace consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits . xxxx xxxx are intact . there is a small calcified granuloma in the right midlung .
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . calcified granuloma is identified .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact .
this study is limited by the patient body habitus . lungs appear to be clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal .
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . prominent left epicardial fat xxxx .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated and clear . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age .
no focal lung pleural effusion or pneumothorax . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable .
the lungs are clear . there is hyperinflation . calcification is seen over the anterior mediastinum xxxx a calcified lymph node at is not identified on the pa projection . the heart is normal . arthritic changes the spine are seen .
